"And now the buffoon's date at the drive-in with the school's  
Valedictorian."  
Valedictorian: "I really appreciate you're asking me out. Most people  
Are intimidated by my high academic achievement."  
Buffoon: "This movie sucks shit!"  
Valedictorian: "Well, Ebel gave it thumbs up, but Ciscel thought it was  
Too preachy. Anyway, I enjoyed the director's last film immensly."  
Buffoon: "Cathleen Turner has big fuckin' tits!"  
Valedictorian: "Yes, well, she recently had a child. I think her  
Maternal biology may play a role in that. She looks fabulous for a woman  
Her age, doesn't she?"  
Buffoon: "I put a firecracker in a bullfrog's mouth and blew his fuckin'  
Head off."  
Valedictorian: "Well, in psychology we learned that it is not uncommon  
For male adolescents to commit savage acts on animals as part of their  
Maturing process."  
Buffoon: "That girl in the fucking car in front of us, she gives  
Everybody head."  
Valedictorian: "Well, I guess she's strong for attention and she feels  
Promiscuity is the only way to obtain it."  
[Buffoon eating popcorn]  
Buffoon: "This popcorn's fuckin' terrible. It tastes like someone jizzed  
All over it."  
[Buffoon continues to eat popcorn]  
Valedictorian: "Well the amount of semen on this popcorn is certainly  
Disturbing. Perhaps the staff in the refreshment stand was overcome by  
The monotony of their work and decided to play a childish prank."  
Buffoon: "I looked at my asshole in the mirror today. It blew my fuckin'  
Mind!"  
Valedictorian: "It's ironic that parts of one's body seems odd and  
Unusual because you don't see them on a day to day basis.  
Buffoon: "My father's shit stinks up the bathroom all fuckin' day!"  
Valedictorian: "It's puzzling why one person's fecal odor can be more  
Overpowering than another's. I wonder whether it is a function of the  
Food digested or that person's internal metabolism."  
Buffoon: "I'm gonna go get head from that fuckin' girl."  
[Gets out of the car]  
Valedictorian: "Well, I'm sorry to see the date come to such an abrubt  
Conclusion."  
[Buffoon walking away]  
"I do appreciate the time you spent with me and look forward to a future  
Rondevue."  
Buffoon: "I like to piss in that guy's fuckin' gas tank!"  
Valedictorian: "Bye bye! Have fun."  
[Buffoon continues to walk away]  

