Words and music by Arlo Guthrie  
  
Chorus:  
I don't want a pickle  
Just want to ride on my motorsickle  
And I don't want a tickle  
'Cause I'd rather ride on my motorsickle  
And I don't want to die  
Just want to ride on my motorcy... Cle  
  
It was late last night the other day  
I thought I'd go up and see Ray  
So l went up and I saw Ray  
There was only one thing Ray could say, was:  
  
Chorus  
  
This song is about the time that I was ridin' my motorcycle.  
Going down a mountain road, at 150 miles an hour, playin'  
My guitar. On one side of the mountain road there was a  
Mountain, and on the other side there was nothin' - there was  
A cliff in the air.  
  
Now, when you're going down a mountain road at I50 miles  
An hour you gotta be very careful, especially if you're playin'  
A guitar. Especially if that guitar is an acoustic guitar.  
Because if it's an acoustic guitar, the wind pressure is greater  
On the box side than on the neck side, because there's  
More guitar on the box side. I wasn't payin' attention..  
  
Luckily I didn't go into the mountain - I went over the cliff.  
I was goin' at 150 miles an hour sideways and 500 feet down  
At the same time.  
  
I knew it was the end. I looked down, I said ''Wow! Some  
Trip". I thought it... Well I knew it was... I knew it was my last  
Trip, and in my last remaining seconds in world, I decided  
To write one last farewell song to the world.  
  
Put a new ink cartridge in my pen. Took out a piece of paper.  
I sat back and I thought awhile. Then I started writin':  
I don't want a pickle  
Just want to ride on my motorsickle  
And I don't want a tickle  
'Cause I'd rather ride on my motorsickle  
  
And I don't want to die  
Just want to ride on my motorcy... Cle. "  
  
I knew that, it wasn't the best song l ever wrote, but I didn't  
Have time to change it. I was comin' down mighty fast.  
  
But as you all know, and as fate would have it, I didn't die. I  
Landed on the top of a police car. And he died. I drove away  
On the road that he was on. I came into town at a screamin'  
175 miles an hour, playin' the motorcycle song.  
  
I came into town, I jumped off my bike, the bike went around  
The corner by itself, went up on the stand by itself, turned  
Itself off.  
  
I walked over to my friend. He was standin' there eatin'  
Pickles. I said "Hi, what's happenin'?" He looked at me in the  
Eye and said "Nothin'".  
  
You gotta sing it with that kind of enthusiasm. Like you just  
Squashed a cop...  
  
Chorus

