I bought a ticket to Austrailia, for my holidays,  
Got my boarding pass, found out at last,  
That I was seated in the middle of the row.  
The buisness man beside me smelled like Old Spice, and Gin.  
The lady to my left was talkin bout her grandchildren.  
Two kids behind me were screamin for their mum.  
She was screamin back,  
"Wonder how come?"  
  
I got the worst seat on the plane,  
By the time I land I'll be insane.  
My legs are startin to go numb, and,  
I just wanna kill someone.  
I got the worst seat on the plane,  
Bladders full, my back's a pain,  
Next time I have somewhere to go,  
Think I'll ride my bicycle.  
  
I can't go to sleep, 'cause the pillow's too damn awkward,  
So I try to watch the movie, but it starred Kevin Costner.  
Earphones hurt my head, and the reading lamp was dead,  
Then the pilot said "Turbulence is on the way."  
My food try was now on my lap,  
The old lady beside me had a heart attack,  
Children screamed so loud I thought my skull would crack,  
Buisness man turned blue, blew up on my back!  
  
I got the worst seat on the plane,  
Time I land I'll be insane,  
My legs are startin to go numb, and,  
I just wanna kill someone!  
I got the worst seat on the plane,  
Bladders full, my back's a pain  
Next time I have somewhere to go,  
Think I'll just rent the video!  
  
After seven hours I can take no more.  
So I try to open the Emergency door,  
But the flight attendant, tackled me to the floor,  
She said "Go back to your seat dear."  
I said "I'd rather get off here."  
  
I got the worst seat on the plane,  
I think I am now insane,  
My legs are both completely numb, and,  
I want to kill everyone!  
I got the worst seat on the plane,  
Bladder's full, my back's a pain.  
The next time I get Wonderlust,  
I think that I'll just take the bus.  
  
I got the worst seat on the plane,  
Got the worst seat on the plane,  
Gottheworstseatontheplane!  
  
I got the worst seat on the plane (Yeah!)  
Got the worst seat on the plane (Yeah!)  
Fellas I got the worstseatonthepla-a-ane!

