Special guest vocalist, Mike's dad: Bob McCormick  
(Mike's dad appears courtesy of Mike's mom)  
There once was a time when the country was wide. A time before cars and planes
and minivans. So, to move things from one place to the other, the railroad was
built. But it just didn't up and build itself. Nope, it was built by the
railroad men. And among these men was a man among men among men among men
among men among men, a man as tall as the sky and as wide as the land. A man
who could lay track faster than anyone else could run. A man with the strength
of ten men. His name was John Henry, and I'm not gonna sing about him. No, I'm
gonna sing about a lesser know figure, one who doesn't deserve a song. A man
as lazy as a thousand men. A man who could barely raise his own body off the
ground. A man who was barely a man at all. His name was Mike McCormick.  
Mike McCormick was a steel drivin' man  
Who never really gave a damn  
Only thing he worked on was his tan  
Mike McCormick was a steel drivin' man  
He'd get up in the morning to hammer in them spikes  
Unless he'd been up drinking the previous night  
Or if his bones weren't feeling right  
Or if it looked like it was going to rain  
He had a tendency of being late for work  
And everyone around thought he was a jerk  
He'd take long breaks and say his back was hurt  
Then he'd have a drink to ease the pain  
Mike McCormick was a steel drivin' man  
Who never really gave a damn  
Only thing he worked on was his tan  
Mike McCormick was a steel drivin' man  
Mike's dad: Mike! Mike! Get up, Mike!  
Mike: What, what is it?  
Mike's dad: Get up, it's time to go to work.  
Mike: Awww, already?  
Mike's dad: Well, don't you want to hammer in them spikes?  
Mike: No.  
Mike's dad: Oh.  
His arms were like twigs and his legs were like straws  
His hands were like a baby's bum they were so soft  
He'd wheeze and moan and whine and cough  
Then go home and take a little nap  
He never got fired 'cause he was the boss' son  
He just hung around and bothered everyone  
Never drove a spike, not a single one  
Though now and then he'd give a tap  
Mike McCormick was a steel drivin' man  
Who never really gave a damn  
Only thing he worked on was his tan  
Mike McCormick was a steel drivin' man  
Mike's dad: Mike! Mike! MIKE!  
Mike: What? What is it?  
Mike's dad: They say they got a big machine that they say can drive in nails
faster than any man alive.  
Mike: Sounds like a good idea.  
Mike's dad: No! No! No!  
Mike: Yeah, it'll work faster.  
Mike's dad: You don't understand! You see, it's gonna cost us all our jobs.
You, Mike McCormick, gotta prove 'em wrong!  
Mike: Okay.  
So he took his hammer and hammered one time (Ow!)  
He took his hammer and hammered two times (Oh, jeez!)  
He took his hammer and hammered three times (Ohhh!)  
Then he got crushed by a meteor and died  
Mike McCormick was a steel drivin' man  
Who never really gave a damn  
Only thing he worked on was his tan  
Mike McCormick was a steel drivin' man  
Mike McCormick was a steel drivin' man (steel drivin' maaaan)  
  

