I was young, I was just sixteen then  
When you came up from Burma one day  
And you told me to pack up my suitcase  
And I did, and you took me away  
I said, "Do you work nice and steady  
Or do you go sailing and roving out to sea?"  
And you said, "I have a job on the railroad  
And baby, how swell it's all gonna be"  
You said a lot, Johnny. It was all lies  
You sure had me fooled, right from the start  
I hate you when you laugh at me like that  
Take that pipe out of your mouth, Johnny  
  
Surabaya Johnny. Is it really the end?  
Surabaya Johnny. Will the hurt ever mend?  
Surabaya Johnny. Ooh, I burn at your touch  
You got no heart, Johnny, but oh, I love you so much  
  
Oh, at first you were kind and gentle  
'Til I packed up and went off with you  
And it lasted two weeks until one day  
You laughed at me and hit me too  
You dragged me all over the city  
Up the river and down to the sea  
Now I look at myself in the mirror  
And some old woman looks back at me  
You didn't want love, Johnny, you wanted money  
I gave you all I had. You wanted more  
Oh, don't look at me that way  
I'm only trying to talk to you  
Wipe that grin off your face, Johnny  
  
Surabaya Johnny. Is it really the end?  
Surabaya Johnny. Will the pain never mend?  
Surabaya Johnny. How I burn at your touch  
You got no heart, Johnny, but oh, I love you so much  
  
When we met I forgot to ask you  
Why they called you that funny name  
But in every hotel on the seacoast  
I found out, and I loved you all the same  
I'm tired. I'm worn out  
The sea's pounding in my ears  
And I reach out my arms to hold you  
You're not here and who even cares?  
You got no heart, Johnny. You're just no good  
You going now? Oh, tell me why  
I love you after all, Johnny, like that very first day  
Don't laugh at me no more, Johnny.  
  
Surabaya Johnny. Is it really the end?  
Surabaya Johnny. Will the hurt ever mend?  
Surabaya Johnny. Oh, I burn at your touch  
You got no heart, Johnny, but oh, I love you  
I love you, I love you so much

