Sometimes i wish  
  
I know that this question raises all kinds of issues  
in my mind, and this question is do you believe  
in Christ? Because i believe that what we expierence  
and ah and its not being talked about openly enough  
was pure evil.  
  
Sometimes i wish this world was just a crazy  
dream, sometimes things arent what they are meant  
to be, or what they seem.  
  
Sometimes i wish this world was one big dream  
so many tragedies, life threatning disease in  
reality who can we blame for these things? So  
we pray for the families and the souls of the  
people shot dead they cry, roaming through the  
halls of the schools at night. My homie  
Joseph in Texas, 14 years old police took his  
life at his front door. Maybe humans have  
converted into a beast. Can we really point  
the finger at just one thing? Is it a sign  
of the time or just the beginning i pray  
to God to help me keep living. Jealousy  
and envy and so much hate, newborn babies  
thrown in garbage cans every day.  
In the lobby of a hospital a young girl dies, no  
money to pay so she pays with her life.  
  
Chorus  
  
How many times must we ask ourselves why,  
and how many times must we watch our children die?  
Remember the times we were united as one growing  
up as a child life was always fun. Time have  
changed and its been for the worst. Trials and  
tribulations that we face of course, time to put  
our foot down lets get to know our young ones  
before the next tragedy becomes the realest one.  
1999 this year is half was over. Lessons not learned,  
how your learning i couldve told ya. Maybe this  
happened for a reason only the Lord knows why. And  
this is for us to open up our eyes cause death awaits  
us at any given time. My love goes out to those  
whos souls rest tonight, and all we can do is just  
ask ourselves why? Wish this wouldnt be all we can  
do is pray and cry.  
  
Chorus  
  
Things change for the wrong we cant go on this long.  
Hand in hand right by your side, i love it then  
and no more cry so if i was to go to tonight, ill  
pray that youll be alright. One Lord one might rejoice,  
one soul unite one voice.  
  
Pray for all of us, Father let us not take  
things for granted, and please let us count  
each and every one of our blessings Father.  
  
Now generation X is what they call it whys that?  
Is it because this is where it all ends at, to  
go to war we dont need to be over seas. Its been  
declared out in the streets, gangs, thugs,  
moving drugs, government officials, blackmarket,  
military guns.  
Is this why you gave us the right to bare arms? To  
hit armagedon head on? Read between the lines its  
Genesise, and now the youth just dont smoke weed,  
they got things like man made methaphetamines  
never letting the young souls dream. And whats  
to do? When our youth is being mentally,  
physically, sexually abused. How do we change  
when its all put in our brains, money, sex,  
power, the year 2K. And everyday i watch  
the news it shows me how  
close we are to Judgement day, and  
so for its all worth i Pray.  
  
Chorus

