She came all rightoned and she's all too tight in my neighborhood  
She cried both day and night  
I know it because it was there.  
It's a milestone, but she's down on her luck  
And she daily salooning, but to me too hot to book  
I would then.  
  
I believe where she'd stop in if she wants time to care  
I believe that she'd look upon beside him to care  
And I go by the Lord and where she's on my way, but I don't belong there.  
No I don't belong to her, I don't belong to every choir  
She's my prize forsaken angel, but she don't hear me cry  
She's a long hearted mystic and she can't carry on  
When I'm there she's alright, but when she's not when I'm gone.  
Heaven knows that the answers she's don't calling no one  
She's the way for sailing beautiful  
She's mine for the one  
And I lost her attention by tempation as it runs  
But she don't bother me  
But I'm not there I'm gone.  
  
Now I've cried tonight like I cried the night before  
And I'm leased on the high some  
But I dream about the door  
It's so long she's forsaken by a fate with the tale  
It don't hang approximation  
She smiled Fare Thee Well.  
  
Now when I'll treat the way we all was born to love her  
But she knows that the kingdom weighs so high above her  
And I run but I wait  
And it's not too fast or slam  
But I'll not perceive her  
I'm not there I'm gone.  
  
Well it's all about division  
And I cry for a bail  
I don't need anybody now beside me to tell  
And it's all affirmation I received but it's not  
She's a long haunting beauty  
But she's gone like the spark  
And she's gone.  
  
Yes she's gone like the rainbow that shined in yesterday  
But now she's home beside me  
And I'd like to hear to stay  
She's a bone forsaking beauty and it don't trust anyone  
Now I wish I was beside her but I'm not there I'm gone.  
  
Well it's too hard to stake in  
And I don't far believe  
It's a bag full it's amusing  
That she's hard too hard to lead.  
It's a load, it's a crime  
The way she mauled me around  
Was she told for to hate me, but just don't forethink in clown.  
  
Yes I believe that it's rightful  
Oh I believe it in my mind  
I been told like I said one night before  
Carry on the grind.  
And this song gypsy told her like I said carry on  
I wish I was there to help her  
But I'm not there I'm gone.

