Everybody's a dreamer and everybody's a star,  
And everybody's in movies, it doesn't matter who you are.  
There are stars in every city,  
In every house and on every street,  
And if you walk down hollywood boulevard  
Their names are written in concrete!  
  
Don't step on greta garbo as you walk down the boulevard,  
She looks so weak and fragile that's why she tried to be so hard  
But they turned her into a princess  
And they sat her on a throne,  
But she turned her back on stardom,  
Because she wanted to be alone.  
  
You can see all the stars as you walk down hollywood boulevard,  
Some that you recognise, some that you've hardly even heard of,  
People who worked and suffered and struggled for fame,  
Some who succeeded and some who suffered in vain.  
Rudolph valentino, looks very much alive,  
And he looks up ladies' dresses as they sadly pass him by.  
Avoid stepping on bela lugosi  
'cos he's liable to turn and bite,  
But stand close by bette davis  
Because hers was such a lonely life.  
If you covered him with garbage,  
George sanders would still have style,  
And if you stamped on mickey rooney  
He would still turn round and smile,  
But please don't tread on dearest marilyn  
'cos she's not very tough,  
She should have been made of iron or steel,  
But she was only made of flesh and blood.  
  
You can see all the stars as you walk down hollywood boulevard,  
Some that you recognise, some that you've hardly even heard of.  
People who worked and suffered and struggled for fame,  
Some who succeeded and some who suffered in vain.  
  
Everybody's a dreamer and everybody's a star  
And everybody's in show biz, it doesn't matter who you are.  
  
And those who are successful,  
Be always on your guard,  
Success walks hand in hand with failure  
Along hollywood boulevard.  
  
I wish my life was a non-stop hollywood movie show,  
A fantasy world of celluloid villains and heroes,  
Because celluloid heroes never feel any pain  
And celluloid heroes never really die.  
  
You can see all the stars as you walk along hollywood boulevard,  
Some that you recognise, some that you've hardly even heard of,  
People who worked and suffered and struggled for fame,  
Some who succeeded and some who suffered in vain.  
  
Oh celluloid heroes never feel any pain  
Oh celluloid heroes never really die.  
  
I wish my life was a non-stop hollywood movie show,  
A fantasy world of celluloid villains and heroes,  
Because celluloid heroes never feel any pain  
And celluloid heroes never really die.

