There are no words, I can use  
Because the meaning still leaves for you to choose  
And I couldn't stand to let them be abused, by you.  
  
Dreams I had just last night  
Made me scared, white with fright  
But I'm over to that sunnyside road  
Over to that sunnyside road  
  
Fortunes come and fortunes go  
But things get better babe, that's one thing I know  
And I'm over to that Sunnyside road  
Over to that Sunnyside road  
  
I have a friend that I have met  
Who gives me love and a certain respect  
Just a little respect, everybody needs just a little respect  
That means you...you...  
  
And in a little while our love will spread  
To you  
Ain't no matter who inside this world you know  
There'll he someone who will love you just for who you are  
Really are  
  
Dreams I had just last night  
Made me worried to face up to the light  
But I'm over to that Sunnyside road  
Over to that Sunnyside road  
  
Come on now it's freedom calling  
Come on over and find yourself  
Come on now it's freedom calling  
Come on in and remind yourself  
  
Oh darling, you see my face  
But it's in my heart that's where it's taking place  
And I couldn't stand to let it go to waste  
Can you...  
  
Oh love, sweet blue love  
No man can ever get enough  
But maybe one day we'll all die in love  
Will you...oh love, sweet love, my...love  
  
Oh babe, understand  
Take my love that's all I have at hand  
Please say you will...don't say you can't  
Oh will you will you will you  
  
The moment you walked inside my door  
I knew' that I need not look no more  
I've seen many other girls before, ah but darling  
Heaven must've programmed you  
  
The moment you fell inside my dreams  
I realized all I had not seen  
I've seen many other girls before, ah hot darling  
Heaven must've programmed you  
  
You can live in the largest house  
And eleven apartments too  
Run your own private plane  
And a boat in Malibu  
  
But 'till you know' deep down what inside you really need  
Well I love you baby, ooh my dear  
And I think about you sometimes  
But when you're with me boy it chokes my mind  
  
Come on now it's freedom calling  
Come on over and find yourself  
Come on now it's freedom calling  
Come on in and remind yourself  
  
Man must fight for freedom sure that's what most other people would say  
Look for a body to lead them but there's too many to lead them away.  
Why wait until it's your time to die before you learn what you were born to
do'?  
Come on now it's freedom calling but there's only one freedom for you.  
Love, love boy...  
And I can't wait to be with you tomorrow night.  
  
Won't you give me your word that you won't laugh  
Cause you've been a saving grace to me  
And I'd hate to face a day without you around  
My life would be without sound  
  
Love, love, love, love must've made you on a Sunday  
Cause you taste to me as good as god made honey taste babe  
And the sky all glistens with gold  
When you're talking to me  
And the whirling wind turns to song  
Why it sets my soul free  
  
Love, love. love. Love must've made you on a Sunday  
There are no words. I can use  
Because the meaning still leaves for you to choose  
And I couldn't stand to let them be abused, by you

