A frog went a-courtin' and he did ride, M-hm, M-hm.  
A frog went a-courtin' and he did ride,  
Sword and pistol by his side, M-hm, M-hm.  
  
He rode up to Miss Mousie's door, M-hm, M-hm,  
He rode up to Miss Mousie's door,  
Where he'd often been before, M-hm, M-hm.  
  
He said, "Miss Mouse, are you within?" M-hm, M-hm,  
He said, "Miss Mouse, are you within?"  
"Yes, kind sir, I sit and spin." M-hm, M-hm.  
  
He took Miss Mouse upon his knee, M-hm, M-hm,  
He took Miss Mouse upon his knee  
Said "Miss Mouse, will you marry me?" M-hm, M-hm.  
  
"Without my Uncle Rat's consent, M-hm, M-hm,  
Without my Uncle Rat's consent  
I wouldn't marry the President. " M-hm, M-hm.  
  
Uncle Rat, he laughed and shook his fat sides, M-hm, M-hm,  
Uncle Rat, he laughed and shook his fat sides  
To think his niece would be a bride, M-hm, M-hm.  
  
Then Uncle Rat rode off to town, M-hm, M-hm,  
Then Uncle Rat rode off to town  
To buy his niece a wedding gown, M-hm, M-hm.  
  
"Oh, where will the wedding supper be?" M-hm, M-hm,  
"Oh where will the wedding supper be?"  
"Way down yonder in the hollow tree." M-hm, M-hm.  
  
The first to come was the little white moth, M-hm, M-hm,  
The first to come was the little white moth  
She spread out the tablecloth, M-hm, M-hm.  
  
The next to come was the bumblebee, M-hm, M-hm,  
The next to come was the bumblebee  
Played the fiddle upon his knee, M-hm, M-hm.  
  
The next to come was a little flea, M-hm, M-hm,  
The next to come was a little flea  
Danced a jig with the bumblebee, M-hm, M-hm.  
  
The next to come was Missus Cow, M-hm, M-hm,  
The next to come was Missus Cow  
Tried to dance but didn't know how, M-hm, M-hm.  
  
Now Mister Frog was dressed in green, M-hm, M-hm,  
Now Mister Frog was dressed in green  
Sweet Miss Mouse looked like a queen, M-hm, M-hm.  
  
In slowly walked the Parson Rook, M-hm, M-hm,  
In slowly walked the Parson Rook  
Under his arm he carried a book, M-hm, M-hm.  
  
They all gathered round the lucky pair, M-hm, M-hm,  
They all gathered round the lucky pair  
Singing, dancing everywhere, M-hm, M-hm.  
  
Then Frog and Mouse went off to France, M-hm, M-hm,  
Then Frog and Mouse went off to France  
That's the end of my romance, M-hm, M-hm.

