This one right here...  
Goes out to my mama,  
(This Goes out to mama)  
Your momma,  
And everybody momma (haha)  
Here we go... listen listen  
  
[Verse 1]  
I remember Saturday mornin's  
Me wakin' up to momma in the kitchen cookin' to Sam Cook and  
I was just a young dude, watchin' mornin' cartoons, waitin' for momma to braid
my hair  
I used to hate to get it done, cause she'd braid it too tight  
My momma always gave a style she knew I would like, and then  
I would go outside and play, she'd sit on the front porch  
While me and Rob played ball  
  
[Bridge]  
Momma always did little things like that  
Momma always will know I love her for that  
For all the things that you used to do...  
Momma I dedicate this one to you  
  
[Chorus]  
It's straight from the heart  
This is your song  
You're my lucky charm so you already know,  
That Ima sing this one for you, so let me sing this one for you  
From every tour, every show  
You're my lucky charm, go wherever I go  
Momma Ima sing this one to you, momma let me sing this one to you  
  
[Verse 2]  
She's like the mother of Tappahannock, VA  
Everybody knew miss Joyce, where we stayed  
All heads said she was cool, nothing' that she wouldn't do  
But about CB, she was know to act a fool (whoawhoa)  
With the little money that she made  
She took the bed and made it all okay  
Night at the daycare, when we had to stay there  
Always held it down, so I gotta thank you now  
  
[Bridge]  
Momma always did little things like that (oh)  
Momma always will know (aye) I love her for that  
For all the things that you used to do...  
Momma I dedicate this one to you  
  
Sing with the song of Chris Brown, Mama lyrics!  
  
[Chorus]  
It's straight from the heart  
This is your song  
You're my lucky charm so (so you already know) you already know,  
That Ima sing this one for you, so let me sing this one for you  
From every tour (from every tour o yea yea), every show  
You're my lucky charm (you're my lucky charm),go wherever I go  
Momma Ima sing this (Ima sing it) one to you, (Just let me sing it)  
Momma let me sing (whoa yea) this one to you  
  
[Verse 3]  
(oo'oo)  
Momma I thank you for all you've done (oo'oo)  
I thank God everyday I'm your son (oh)  
(You gave) You gave me everything that I need  
But lovin' me unconditionally...  
Everybody say... "M-O-M-M-A"  
Everybody say... momma  
"M-O-M-M-A"  
You know that this is your song  
  
[Chorus]  
It's straight from the heart (oh momma)  
This is your song (aye)  
You're my lucky charm so you already know, (you already know)  
That Ima sing this one for you, so let me sing this one for you  
From every tour (aye), every show (momma I love you so)  
You're my lucky charm, go wherever I go (wherever I go)  
Momma Ima sing this one to you (yeah),  
Momma let me sing this one to you  
  
[Interlude]  
This right here goes out to every mama all over the world  
Mama I know I might be bad at times (mama Ima sing this one to you)  
I might get on your nerves, but I still love you (mama let me sign this one to
you)  
You always gon be my mama  
Maaama, mama, my... mama  
  
Mama Ima sing this (ooh hoo) one to you  
Mama let me sing this (ooh hoo) one to you  
Mama... I love ya  
Don't put nothin' above ya  
(save this one for you)  
I'll save this one for you

