He was Lawless by name, Lawless by nature,  
He was trouble right from the start.  
Hard as nails, runnin' wild through the streets  
He was breakin' his poor mother's heart.  
Nature played a trick on Lawless  
And the humour of nature is cruel.  
He grew up as we all had expected -  
Into a dangerous fool.  
  
He was a hard man, a man for all seasons,  
He was always out for a fight.  
He couldn't hold drink but still he'd get plastered  
In Clark's every Saturday night,  
Strip to the vest and challenge the best  
Until the guards they were called to come fast,  
And they'd lock him away for the rest of the day  
And let him out on the Sunday for mass.  
  
Oh one night he went down  
To the Ring's End Regatta  
Where he met up with the (bold?) Dolly (Platts?)  
She wasn't exactly what you'd call beauty,  
But she was the belle of our flats.  
A whirlwind romance and Dolly took a (flier?)  
With Lawless she would settle down  
It was pure coincidence three months before  
There was a yankee destroyer in town.  
  
And the couple were blessed with one of god's miracles  
Before six months had elapsed  
Dolly gave birth to a nine-pound black baby  
And Lawless was fit to collapse  
She swore she'd never been touched by another  
And Lawless took her at her word,  
And the neighbours exclaimed, 'he's the spit of his  
Father, and the cuckoo is a wonderful bird. '  
  
Oh now Lawless stays in and looks after his baby  
While Dolly goes out for the night.  
The old gossips all say she's free in her ways  
And their evil rumours ran rife.  
When Lawless heard this he waited for Dolly  
In the bridge where the river runs low.  
Noone will ever know what happened next,  
But Dolly drowned in the Dodder  
Below.  
  
Some say he's crazy and more say he's evil,  
Everyone says that he's mad.  
Noone will defend him, he was no angel,  
But I'll tell you he wasn't all bad.  
They've locked him away for the rest of his natural  
Never again will he see  
Down the back of Ring's End  
There's a lonely child playing  
Where the Liffey flows into the sea.  
  
Christy's comment  
  
Barney Rush was home and we organised a sing-song in  
The brought Mick Curry who sang this  
Song. He is a great song had a great night.  
Frank harte was there too.

