May I have your attention please?  
May I have your attention please?  
Will the Real Slim Shady please shut up?  
I repeat, will the real slim shady please shut up?  
We're gonna have a problem here.  
  
You all act like you never heard a white person before.  
His rhymes are a bore, punk kid trying to be hard core (Yo! What's up??)  
The mushroom mouth is back worse than before.(???)  
Making us snore, whining in the microphone (Baby crying)  
  
It's the return of the oh wait, no wait, you're a fool.  
You didn't pay money for this CD did you?  
And Dr. Dre (laugh) did everything you idiot, without Dre's defense you're as
good as dead.  
  
The world's had enough of Eminem (Jiggy jiggy)  
Even his girlfriend's cheatin on him.  
Look at him, walking around living off Dre, acting so cool, but he's really
kinda weak though.  
  
Little twit blasts me on his new CD  
Why? Cause I turned him down for a date (hee hee)  
As for the question of who came first, was it Carson Daly or was it Fred
Durst?  
I'm sorry Slim, but this is gonna hurt. They both came closer than you ever
will, jerk.  
  
Your song is on my nerves, your song is on my nerves.  
You're kinda lucky cause you got more fame than you deserve.  
That is the message that I deliver to little kids  
You can become famous and never know what talent is.  
  
Of course they're gonna like you, of course they do.  
You're like a cartoon version of Ricky Schroder on "Silver Spoons"  
You ain't nothin' but a product, packaged to be bought up.  
You know a year from now you won't be thought of.  
  
So you write about dead animals and cannibals  
And some day you'll stop dating dogs and date higher mammals. (Dog howls)  
And there's a million women just like me, that think like me, that all can see
that  
Slim Shady is just a boy dealing with puberty  
So if you agree, scream loudly with me!!  
  
You're Slim Shady, yes you're the real shady  
You sound like Peter Brady, you get quite irritating.  
So won't the Real Slim Shady please shut up, please shut up, please shut up?  
  
You're Slim Shady, yes you're the real shady.  
You sound like Peter Brady, you get quite irritating,  
So won't the real slim shady please shut up, please shut up, please shut up

