Don't make 'em clap, make 'em do that,  
And when tehse niggers rap, they'd be like who that?  
She's in the party super wet with a pool at,  
I got a big head, so my hair is just...  
Money to the ceiling, tell me where my roof at,  
Your pants too tight, maybe you're just too fat!  
Just to cheat her with the...  
Yeah, I... boy, I know why you're too mad!  
Got my...  
Any girl... on me  
I'mma give her a couple of drinks and then I put her ass to sleep  
Bed time, if she comes she's a freak  
Then you read her... line,... fucking with cd.  
What you mean? I'mma ball out!  
I'm driving space shifts, I do my calls out  
What I call a garage, you call a house  
Leaving that whole in the wall, you are...  
Baby like chris, you're killing the soprano  
... try to steal my keys, nigger, this ain't no piano,  
What you mean, I'm the president,  
But fuck her by the...  
... try to change the channel, cause these boys too much to handle,  
All the bullshit I am hearing it  
Cause I'm... and I'm flushing you... killing shit,  
Only hear two words, nigger sit!  
Yeah! I'm the b e a st I'm in a... you're in a low...  
... the super love, the...  
But it's friday, what I'm smoking?  
Damn, man, all these cameras are bananas!  
And the waitress hate me, hope she don't spit in my sandwich,  
Yeah, I can't get at me like a...  
... respect me cause this boy in the kitchen.  
Yeah, but still I rock around too pride,  
Ladies mad at me cause I fuck too loud!  
Do you think I was police how I move cars?  
... two up two down!  
... we're the shit, boy so don't step on it!  
I'm all about my sight like a veteran,  
And it's getting too late, I didn't take my medicine.  
Ok, ok, let me go, nigger be shining...  
Boy, look at all these diamonds, and my chains so heavy...  
Can't see you ever since my shades, girl get me...  
... what you call that perfect timing,  
They call me hercules, just like... she's working me  
... she smoking to got... purple...  
Seven eleven here, no hands what she...  
This is... in my soul like... set us free!

