There's two things I know for sure.  
She was sent here from heaven, and she's daddys little girl.  
As I drop to my knees by her bed at night,  
She talks to Jesus, and I close my eyes.  
And I thank God for all the joy in my life, But most of all...  
Butterfly kisses after bedtime prayer.  
Stickin little white flowers all up in her hair.  
"Walk beside the pony daddy, its my first ride."  
"I know the cake looks funny, daddy, but I sure tried."  
Oh, with all that I've done wrong, I must have done something right.  
To deserve a hug every morning, and butterfly kisses at night.  
Sweet sixteen today.  
she's looking like her momma a little more every day.  
One part woman, the other part girl.  
To perfume and makeup, from ribbons and curls.  
Trying her wings in a great big world. But I remember...  
Butterfly kisses after bedtime prayer.  
Stickin little white flowers all up in her hair.  
"You know how much I love you daddy, but if you don't mind,  
I'm only going to kiss you on cheek this time."  
With all that I've done wrong, I must have done something right.  
To deserve a hug every morning, and butterfly kisses at night.  
All the precise time.  
Like the wind, the years go by.  
Precious butterfly, spread your wings and fly.  
Shell change her name today.  
Shell make a promise, and Ill give her away.  
Standing in the bride room just staring at her.  
She asked me what I'm thinking, and I said, "I'm not sure,  
I just feel like I'm losing my baby girl."  
Then she leaned over... and gave me...  
Butterfly kisses, with her mama there.  
Stickin little white flowers all up in her hair.  
"Walk me down the aisle daddy, its just about time."  
"Does my wedding gown look pretty daddy?" "Daddy don't cry."  
With all that I've done wrong, I must have done something right.  
To deserve a hug every morning, and butterfly kisses.  
I couldn't ask God for more, man, this is what love is.  
I know I've gotta let her go, but Ill always remember.  
Every hug in the morning, and butterfly kisses...

