They're wakin' up Maria 'cause everybody else has got some place to go  
She makes a little motion with her head,  
Rolls over,  
And she says she's gonna sleep for a couple minutes more  
I've said "I'm sorry" to Maria for the cold hearted thing that I have done  
I've said "I'm sorry", by now, at least once to just about everyone  
She says, "I've forgotten what I'm supposed to do today,"  
And it slips my mind what I'm supposed to say?  
We're getting older and older, and older  
And always a little further out of the way  
You look into her eyes and it's more than your heart will allow  
In August and Everything After, you get a little less than you expected,
somehow...  
  
I stumbled into Washington Square just as the sun began to rise  
I lay down on the lawn of the cathedral  
Right down with the shadow of St. Mary's in the sky  
And I'm just one of these late model children waiting for the king  
Yeah, but there ain't no sign of Elvis in San Fransisco  
It's just me, and I'm playing this rock and roll thing  
And She wants to be just like me  
And I want every damn thing I can see.  
One day you're Daddy's little angel,  
The next day you're everything he wanted you to be  
They dress you up in white satin  
And they give you your very own pair of wings  
In August and Everything After, I'm after everything.  
  
I said and la la la la...  
  
Well now I got my reservations and I got my seven million-dollar home  
And I got, I got the number of some girl in New York City  
Who's always wide awake so I never have to spend the night alone  
I got this nasty little habit of peeking down the shirts  
Of all the little girls as they pass me by  
And I wonder if it all catches up to me  
Do you think they'll take me down?  
Do you think I'm gonna cry?  
Well, I've already got your disease,  
So take your fucking filthy hands off of me  
Well I hope you weren't expecting me to be crucified,  
The best that they can do is just to hang me from the nearest tree  
  
It's midnight in san francisco,  
and I am waiting here for jesus on my knees  
in august and everything after  
I want somebody else to bleed for me  
I said la la la la... Na na....  
  
Well I came down from north dakota  
'cause I had confidence in the military mind  
and now, everyone I know is turning show girl  
and is dancing with their shirt off in some las vegas hotel line  
so I'm going to new york city 'cause it gotta little sleazy here for me  
when I find myself alone I know I'm never going home  
I make the changes the changes that I need  
but I no longer know how to pray  
and I'm living in A dog town and it's A dalmation parade  
I change my spots, over and over  
but they never seem to fade away  
now I am the last remaining indian  
looking for the place where the buffalo roam  
in august and everything after, man them buffalo ain't never coming home  
I said in august and everything after, man them buffalo ain't never coming
home  
I said na na... La la...

