Ya better come inside when you're ready to  
But no chance if ya don't want to dance  
You're like four letter words when you're ready to  
But then you won't 'cause you know that you can  
You got it, but are you gettin' it?  
You say that love is won when you get some  
But then your finger won't trigger the gun  
You know you (ya) can't stop it  
So don't rock it  
You know you got it  
Hey, but are you gettin' it?  
Really gettin' it?  
Come get it from me  
  
Gimme all of your lovin', ev'ry little bit  
Gimme all that you got, ev'ry bit of it  
Ev'ry bit of your lovin', oh, c'mon live a bit  
Never want it to stop  
Yeah, but are you gettin' it? Armageddon it!  
Ooh, really gettin' it? Yes, Armageddon it!  
  
You try comin' on when you need some  
But then you don't 'cause you already did  
Yeah, you jangle your jewels while your shakin' ya  
And drive the pretty boys outta their heads  
You got it, but are you gettin' it?  
You flash you bedroom eyes like a jumpin' jack  
Then play it pretty with a pat on the back  
You know you (ya) can't stop it  
So don't rock it  
You know you got it  
Hey, but are you gettin' it?  
Ooh, really gettin' it?  
Come get it from me  
  
C'mon, Steve, get it  
Take it, take it, take it from me  
I got an itchy finger following me  
Pull it, pull it, c'mon trigger the gun  
Cause the best is (a) yet to come, I say  
Cause the best is yet to come  
Are you gettin' it? Really gettin' it?  
Oh, come get it from me  
  
Gimme all of your lovin', ev'ry little bit  
Gimme all that you got, ev'ry bit of it  
Ev'ry bit of your lovin', oh, come on live a bit  
Never want it to stop - Oh, are you getting it?  
Gimme all of your lovin' - Ooh really gettin' it?  
Gimme all that you got - Oh are you getting it?  
Gimme all of your lovin' - Oh live a bit  
Gimme all that you got, whoa, live a bit  
You've got to live it, gimme all of your lovin'  
Ooh baby live it, gimme all that you got  
C'mon and give it, ev'ry bit of your lovin'  
Oh come on and give it, never want it to stop  
  
Oh are you gettin' it? Gimme all of you lovin'  
Ooh really gettin' it? Gimme all that you got  
Oh are you gettin' it? Ev'ry bit of your lovin'  
Oh live a bit, never want it to stop

