That's what I'm talking about though, like you changed up  
You don't even fucking link nobody no more, you just dashing away like a Taxi  
Yo, you cheesed me dog  
  
[Verse:]  
Always felt like my vision been bigger than the bigger picture  
Crazy how you gotta wait until it's dark out to see who really with you  
Crazy how even when it miss ya, shit'll come back around and get ya  
Crazy like all my niggas, crazy like all my niggas  
Remember I deleted all my other girls numbers out the phone for you?  
Remember when you had to take the bar exam, I drove in the snow for you  
You probably don't remember half the shit a nigga did for you  
  
[Hook:]  
Ya, you ain't really fuck with me way back then girl, how bout now?  
Cause I'm up right now and you suck right now  
Aw, you thought you had it all figured out back then girl, how bout now?  
Cause I'm up right now and you suck right now  
You thought the little effort that you put in was enough girl, how bout now?  
Girl how bout now? How bout now girl?  
What about now girl? How bout now?  
  
[Verse 2:]  
Always been daddy's little angel  
I bought your dad a bunch of shit for Christmas, he ain't even say thank you  
I had no money, left from back when I was focused on the music  
I used to always try and burn you cds of my new shit  
You be like "who's this?"  
I be like "me, girl."  
You be like "oh word, true shit?"  
Then ask if we could listen to Ludacris  
And car rides made me feel like I was losing it  
Yeah, made me feel I have it like that  
Like I was average like that  
Started drinking way more than I used to  
People form habits like that, girl  
Yeah, man enough to tell you I was hurt that year  
I'm not even Christian I still went to church that year, guess  
I just had to pretend that year  
I ain't even see my friends that year  
Places that I should've been  
You ain't really fucked with me way back then but  
  
[Hook:]  
Ya, you ain't really fuck with me way back then girl, how bout now?  
Cause I'm up right now and you suck right now  
Aw, you thought you had it all figured out back then girl, how bout now?  
Cause I'm up right now and you suck right now  
You thought the little effort that you put in was enough girl, how bout now?  
Girl how bout now? How bout now girl?  
What about now girl? How bout now?

