[Intro:]  
The poor stay poor, the rich get richer, it's just so disproportionate  
  
[Chorus:]  
Sometimes life seems so unfortunate, that's why I don't give a shit.  
The poor stay poor, the rich get richer, it's just so disproportionate.  
You don't know just what I've gone through, that's why I would rather show  
You  
Just how far that I can take it, every rule, I'm breaking it  
  
[Eminem]  
  
Terrible but not rippable, invincible I hung invisible,  
Fucking mistletoe over the world that stuck my ass up under it now pucker  
Up them lips and kiss it hoes  
Here we go  
Bad and Evil so you know how this'll go the competition's miserable we  
Stomp them bitches, this is no joke  
Going overboard like someone threw us off the boat  
Choke, apart from all the smoke  
I'm trying to stay on fire so you know if I hate fucking water sprinklers I  
Don't want a hoes  
Someone left a cat out the bag now it's time to stuff his face  
Bag in that bitch thought of that little motherfucker till it suffocates,  
Who  
You, handeling the? Tryna be so sick when the Bad and Evil was reunited  
Hey  
Came back to annihilate the games and dive straight this into this highway,  
Word of Satan there's a drop full of? Ouija board and I pray  
Now I lay me down to sleep, I do this shit in my sleep  
So now imagine if I awake!  
I'm champ, bitch, I've never tasted Cannibus can never be no damn a wuss so  
Pussy never mushy so you can't squish  
No where near twisted, in fact if I jump out a? Taxi  
Only time you'll hear me say I ambush  
Outlandish, these words are weapons that I brandish  
Stand off, wish the hoes get your hands off, this can't tie bitch  
So why the fuck would I sugar coat it for?  
No, fuck protocol, I'd holla at this whore but now my throat is sore  
  
[Chorus:]  
  
Sometimes life seems so unfortunate, that's why I don't give a shit.  
The poor stay poor, the rich get richer, it's just so disproportionate.  
You don't know just what I've gone through, that's why I would rather show  
You  
Just how far that I can take it, every rule, I'm breaking it  
  
[Royce]  
  
Baby I'm lawless, you couldn't burn me if you trew acid on me,  
I'm at your homie, I'm at your home ready to spray you while you nappin'  
Only have  
Everything on and around your matrass looking like a world in front of a  
Matrimony - you high  
Thug yeah, go ahead, jump no matter how high you get, you're gonna come up  
Short like Spud Webb  
My dui's get waved like saying bye, still rotten with no one else like  
James Todd can't change eye  
I thank God for my safe thinking last time I was safethinking me and my  
Niggers was doing a bank job  
I stay violent y'all going to Beach Rock, you got a mouth like Kanye, I  
Knock your whole bottom row of teeth out  
No disrespecting Mr. West, shit I'm just nice with mine and it's just rap  
I'm just like Ricky Hatton, I just like to rhyme  
These weak rappers wanna set us up, they never tough, they ask me for a  
Hook I tell em left or right head or gut,  
What you're all messing with, is a niggaare that will leave you fubar, fucked  
Up beyond all recognition  
Y'all are rockstars, I'm the opposite, I could just throw a rock and hit a  
Star, for the fuck of it  
Partner you not hard I'll body you hot bars, beef has left you praying  
Right, like allah hoo akhbar  
Let's go, when I leave y'all shot you ain't gonna be on your metro, In a  
Bad area they call?  
  
[Chorus:]  
  
Sometimes life seems so unfortunate, that's why I don't give a shit.  
The poor stay poor, the rich get richer, it's just so disproportionate.  
You don't know just what I've gone through, that's why I would rather show  
You  
Just how far that I can take it, every rule, I'm breaking it

