Fuck an intro man, let's go  
I come around like what goes around.  
What goes up must come down.  
Anyone who comes up must go down.  
Might as well go for the gusto now.  
Better not let up, better not let them breathe.  
Last shot give it all you got.  
Try to turn me down bitch get fucked with the volume nob,  
Fuck all you snobs.  
Hoes I hope all you rot.  
Two bottles of lubriderm and a box of condoms is that all you brought?  
And you wanna manage a trois, you twots?  
Fuck that I'd rather turn this club to a ballroom brawl.  
Get as rowdy as Roesthlisberger in a bathroom stall.  
Like a leaf stuck in a vacuum ya'll ain't nothtin but a whole lot of suckin'
goin' on in rap.  
Yeah but I'm home.  
Bad to the bone, back in the zone  
Let him alone,  
You don't wanna go eggin' him on.  
  
It'll never be my chair that you're on.  
Crown so tight that it cuts off circulation to the brain, no oxygen.  
Otherwords there's no heir to the throne.  
When I die so does hip hop.  
Hitchcock better shit bitch ass gotgot a zip locked in a bag.  
You fags ain't been able to fade me since Kid Rock had a high top.  
Keep blogging while I'm mind boggling my zone, like I'm in the twilight dog
get off my bone this is my mic doggone it I like hogging it.  
  
Flow so wet I'ma take this beat tobogganin.  
I'm water logging it, I'm sogging it.  
Pull your verse out the beat and stomp on it.  
Suplexin it on cement, like I'm on some straight outta compton shit  
Take this dick and chomp on it.  
I'm so bad I can bitch slap a back handed compliment.  
Jackass eat a donkey dick.  
The game I just about conquered, it like Donkey Kong  
I'm bonkers bitch, I'm the king of this honkey shit, I reign supreme in this
honkey shit.  
No sense screaming and arguing.  
Makes no difference whether a Benz or Bentley or a Beamers the car you in.  
You think you ball, well I palm it.  
I throw up bombs when I vomit.  
Boy I throw down in the kitchen, might hit your mom with my omelet.  
But you got egg on your face now watch me drop an atomic.  
I should be strapped to the chest of a kamikaze.  
Bitch I'm as bat shit as Ozzy, it's obvious, you can tell I go right off the
bat.  
No pun intended but come any closer I'll bite off your head.  
Tryna give me the fingers kinda like giving a spider the web, I'm just gonna
spin it and try to use it to my advantage.  
I catch a fly in that bitch.  
You think you fly, you just food.  
I give as much of a flying fuck as that superman dude.  
Guess I just do what you can't do or make you look stupid and bamboozled,
confused as usual, and you can get ripped she can open a can too  
But you better hope you can handle the heat, or stay the fuck outta hell's
kitchen  
I came to cock block like a square fucking male chicken.  
Yeah, it's Shady slut, the rest can suck on a big one.  
'Cause I'm despicable as daffy duck when I'm spitting.  
(Haha recovery)

