(Kill, kill, kill)  
(Kill, kill, kill  
(Kill, kill, kill)  
  
[Chorus]  
Mentally ill from Amityville (I'll)  
Accidentally kill your family still  
Thinkin' he won't? God-damnit he will (He's)  
Mentally ill from Amityville  
  
I get lifted and spin til I'm half-twisted  
Feet planted and stand with a grin full of chapped lipstick  
Pen full of ink, think sinful and rap sick shit  
Shrink pencil me in for my last visit  
Drink gin til my chin's full of splashed whiskers  
Hash whiskey and ash til I slap bitches  
Ask Bizzy, he's been here the past six years  
Mash with me you'll get in imagine this  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
  
I fucked my cousin in his asshole, slit my mother's throat  
Guess who Slim Shady just signed to Interscope?  
My little sister's birthday, she'll remember me  
For a gift I had ten of my boys take her virginity  
And bitches know me as a horny-ass freak  
Their mother wasn't raped, I ate her pussy while she was 'sleep  
Pissy-drunk, throwin up in the urinal (you fuckin' homo'!)  
That's what I said at my dad's funeral  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
  
That's why the city is filled with a bunch of fuckin' idiots still (still)  
That's why the first motherfucker poppin' some shit he gets killed (killed)  
That's why we don't call it Detroit, we call it Amityville ('Ville)  
You can get capped after just havin' a cavity filled (filled)  
That's why we're crowned the murder capital still (still)  
This ain't Detroit, this is motherfuckin' Hamburger Hill! (Hill!)  
We don't do drive-by's, we park in front of houses and shoot  
And when the police come we fuckin' shoot it out with them too!  
That's the mentality here (here) that's the reality here (here)  
Did I just hear somebody say they wanna challenge me here? (huh?)  
While I'm holdin' a pistol with this many calibers here? (here??)  
Plus some registration that just made this shit valid this year? (year?)  
'Cause once I snap I can't be held accountable for my actions  
That's when accidents happen,  
When a thousand bullets come at your house  
And collapse the foundation around you and they found you  
And your family in it (Ah!)  
God dammit, he meant it when he told you!  
  
[Chorus: x2]

