[Verse 1: Fab]  
You finally got some off time  
It's usually Sports Center for the fourth time  
Tonight you came out of yours and I took off mine  
Now we finally playing catch, got some back and forth time  
Tossing pillows, passing blunts, caught a buzz  
First time you gave me head was everything I thought it was gonna be  
You ain't got one degree  
But you'll get a ph. D for that thing you've done to me  
  
[?] Tugging dungaree  
I wanted you under me  
Wanted to spread them legs like you number 23  
Maybe you wasn't ready  
Maybe its under key  
And it's some for them, and it ain't none for me  
So we cuddle for a while, talk what you want to be  
Some things we had in common and movies you want to see  
He made her run to me, you played with one of these  
Pretty young girls, ain't no telling what she gonna be  
  
If she was my girl, might sound sprung of me  
I'd give her everything like she had a gun to me  
Busy man, but for you I'm free  
Just counting down the days 'til the next time we....  
  
[Hook: Ryan Leslie and Fab]  
  
Lay down...... Lay down... Lay down  
I can hear you now, lay down  
I can hear you now, lay down  
(Let that body talk) x2  
  
Talk to me now, listen  
  
[Verse 2: Fab]  
  
Your scent light up the truck soon as you hopped in it  
Easily number one, no matter who the top 10 is  
In that passenger, no reason for gassing ya  
Girl you ain't killing 'em, baby it's a massacre  
Black curly hair, smile with a pearly glare  
I can take you around the globe, I'm sure the world will stare  
But tonight we in the city, like J. Lo and Diddy  
Back in 99, that bad boy with pretty  
A rainy night, the type that make you change your flight  
But we still fly  
Ain't nothing plain about us, right?  
We came to get a bite, blue ribbon for two  
And I ain't clumsy but I'm so tripping off you  
  
Had sushi for the first time, she tried the king  
California tempura, oh you trying things  
  
I'm your waiter, I hope you like what I'm trying to bring  
All you gotta do is the two words Ryan sing  
Lay down, lay down  
Hey, girl I know my way round  
Coming down, H-town  
Ass up, face down  
Guess we on our way now  
I know you can't stay 'round  
She climbed on top and said look nigga...  
  
[Hook: Ryan Leslie and Fab]  
Lay down...... Lay down... Lay down  
I can hear you now, lay down  
I can hear you now, lay down  
(let that body talk) x2

