From hood to hood they see what's hood  
And know who I be! uh!  
  
I got the Yankee leaning, just sitting over to browse  
And the G4 is just getting over the clouds  
You can't tell me that I ain't what's up right now  
I got a bottle of Tequila upside down  
There's some chicks wit boyfriends that are up tight now  
Cause they know the big 'dog' had a 'pups' like wow  
I'm stuck in my city ways  
Heading over seas wit a zip of New York City's haze  
You rats can keep running through your city's maze  
Until you get sprayed with the pesticide  
I know you in that hole, you best to hide  
Like the rest who tried, who went and testified  
Of course your girl wanna slide over and be rubbed  
And don't mind taking rides over the G dubs  
I ride Rovers on Spre-dubs  
Please don't be another dude who died over a ski dub, chill  
  
[Chorus:]  
From hood to hood they see what's hood and know who I be  
From block to block they see it, not can't know who I be  
From state to state they cannot hate, they know who I be  
From the east to west, through the Mid West and down south it's Ghetto!  
(It's Ghetto-oh!) It's Ghetto! (It's Ghetto-oh!) It's Ghetto!  
(It's Ghetto-oh!) It's Ghetto! (It's Ghetto-oh!) It's Ghetto!  
  
I get it jumping like a lo lo '64  
And bet they hop on it like a pogo stick pro  
I'm chilling wit these go go chicks though  
That do the kind of things that belong in a porno flick yo  
You know it's him and the gang  
With the bling worked on, that remind you of lemon meringue  
But remember the things, ain't too far  
And y'all wanna hear em go bang bang bang  
Like John Witherspoon, I'm watching em closely  
I know the snakes gonna slither soon  
The two toned Maybach's getting delivered soon  
The back feels like sitting in the living room  
I'm so hard bodied like the suit on Batman  
It's that man that back to back plat' scan  
I'm back for the third time, I make words rhyme for a living  
You probably heard I'm still ghetto, nigga!  
  
[Chorus]  
  
They tried to put two 9's on me, just like Gretzky  
But my lawyer saw through it just like wet tees  
I smoke till my eyes look just like Jet Li's  
On islands where the water's blue just like Pepsi  
Yeah the trigger just might get squeezed  
And the slugs will skip over your waves, just like jet skis  
Hoes know Ghetto from New York, call em the Fresh Prince  
And throw rose petals when I walk  
They love how I came back hard like good blow  
And I'm still a heart throb to a hood ho  
That's what hood though, yes I would know  
That's cause I'm in the streets like man hole covers  
Rims look like blades when a fan blow brother  
I'm waiting on a storm to land, roast others  
The man no other, cause I been in it  
My time is money, y'all couldn't buy ten minutes  
I'm gone! catch up!  
  
[Chorus]

