Feel like I'm Big Meech  
When I be cashing out  
Holding my bottles up  
Champaign splashing out  
We all got rooms nobody crash the couch  
More K's at the crib than a Kardashian house  
No Brian Pumper jewels just large links  
A lot of ice in 'em I'm talking large drinks  
Lets see what the Audemar thinks  
My necklace make chicks Nicki Minaj blink  
There are no challengers F what the Dodge think  
I'm riding in the... my garage stinks  
Cocunut Ciroc, coco-loso  
Pretty boy swag never coke my nose though  
Got your baby momma eating off a lead plates  
It mean the World to her, to me it's just a cheap date  
Plenty fish in the sea and I keep bait  
You're a broke rollerblader, cheapskate!  
My jeep plate say "Tune in to the game"  
Competition killer, funeral's the name  
Listen up son, I'm immune to all the lame  
If I fathered your style, put a Jr. to your name  
I searched the whole planet, there's no comp on Earth  
Sky blue J's (Jordan's), look like I stomped a smurf  
  
I said life is but a dream  
Aint always what it seems  
Meanwhile get your cake red velvet butter cream  
Raise your glass now lets toast to when we didn't have  
Hustle plus muscle equal success, I did the math!  
I see haters in passing, yeah they 'round  
I be on the way up, they be on the way down  
Now I can sit and talk sh-t like Skip Bayless  
You looking for these shoes baby you can skip payless  
Won't be on Craigslist, lifestyle A-list  
On my way to Vegas I part playlist  
Yeah it's just another page in my success story  
I make my worst enemies wish the best for me  
My only job, consistent and persistent  
I go so hard my assistants need assistance  
I'm living mine hands on get the feel of it  
Life's a b-tch you might wanna get familair with  
  
[Verse From Fabolous "Bring Death To Em"]  
This the flow that put haters on their deathbed  
And make the chicks blow the whistle give me rev head  
Somebody call 911 like 'clef said  
'Fore my man's n 'em black out, Meth Red!  
The newspaper say young rapper left dead  
The only suspect they have is young funeral  
And when you see him  
He might be on his goony proud  
So you put him up in the air George Clooney style  
Slow motion for me so just slim juvenile  
Don't sh-t move a dude can't move his bowels  
Catch it like Larry Fitzgerald  
Kurt Warner bullets coming out the 5ths bureau  
Baby I'mma make it, my sh-ts thorough  
You shootin blanks your sh-ts durrough  
The competi... can't hold hold me  
But first lay in a box and cross your hands for me  
Fan base killer blame your loss of fans on me  
I triple what you see's like I'm Ross' man homie (Triple C)  
Dudes get to New York like loso's dead Tony  
You pick the place everybody cross the land for me  
Keep it real, I can't endorse or stand phoney's  
'Less we arm wrestle don't force my hand homie  
These YSL's cost a grand only  
My white girl bought that Porsche Cayenne for me  
Sweet, sweet like Georgia peaches  
School of heart, I get brain from gorgeous teachers  
Funeral in the house, no mortgage either  
Any competition he see the boy just ethers  
I can't feel my face this that Boston George reefer  
You lie if you say I aint hotter than August weether  
I mean weather!  
You can't see me, I mean ever!  
Ever ever, Andre 3 G  
This is me G, Gucci print G-G  
Clean ice neck full of frozen Fiji  
Been in the game long as Mario, Luigi  
No Juvenile, Wayne, Turk or B.G.  
I'm still Hot Boyz but it's stutter gang jack  
You bang right the first time they don't bang back  
You's can't ball like me they quickly meer in H.O.R.S.E  
I bring death to em, no hearing loss!  
Nice.  
[End]

