Fz: Some of you may know that the tango, which is not a very popular dance
anymore, was at one time reputed to be a dance of unbridled passion, back in
the old days when it wasn't so easy to get your rocks off, when it was hard to
make contact with a member of the. .. Opposite camp, and you had to resort to
things like dancing close together and going hey. .. Those were the days.
Well, those days are probably gone forever, I don't know, unless Nixon is
going to bring them back a little bit later, but, we have this very special
highly evolved permutated tango. It's actually a perverted tango. By the time.
.. Yes, it's so perverted! This is the "Be-Bop Tango," a special entertainment
event that includes choreography a little bit later, so watch out, folks. ..
You can turn on the big lights, we may need 'em. You know, the ones in the
audience. Heh heh heh. Okay, you're ready? Not too fast now 'cause I wanna get
the right notes on the tape 'n this, this has to be the one. This has to be
the one with all the right notes on it. Okay, 're you ready? 'n this is a hard
one to play. .. One, two, three, four. ..  
  
Fz: The cowbell as a symbol of unbridled passion, ladies and gentlemen.  
  
Fz: Now, as you might have noticed, Bruce Fowler has just completed some sort
of trombone solo, based on the, uh, idea of an evolved tango-event. Bruce has
also prepared for you a demonstration of a dance that he hopes will sweep the
ocean, right after the Mud Shark did. Bruce is now warming up the important
muscles of the body, in preparation. .. In preparation for the Real Live Be-
Bop Tango which we're gonna demonstrate. Napoleon will assist him.  
Napoleon: Wait a minute now. ..  
Fz: Napoleon, just put your horn down, just relax, put your head back, here
comes the drill. Okay, ha ha ha, you know what I'm talkin' about? Okay. ..
This is sort of like jazz in it's own peculiar way. .. Jazz is not dead, it
just smells funny. .. Okay, let's go!  
George: Yeah, man, jazz, man, you know what I mean?  
  
This is Be-Bop,  
Even though you think it doesn't sound like that  
  
(Be-Bop. .. ! That's no Be-Bop!)  
  
Fz: Now, as you might have noticed, some of you with a musical education can
tell that the notes that George just sang when he went: "This is Be-Bop, even
though you think it doesn't sound like that," it's actually a sort of a
twisted form of the theme of the tango itself which will get de. .. Even more
depraved as the number goes on. George will now attempt to dismember that
melody, play it and sing it at the same time while. ..  
  
Pe-dop!  
  
Fz: Hey, that's the way. .. While we sort of dance to it, okay? Try it,
George. ..  
  
Pe-do-do-dum-deh-dum-deh do-do-deh-dum-deh  
Tee-do-do-Teep  
Goop  
Do-do  
Tee-dum-do-do tee-dum-do-do keep do-deah  
E-dum do-dee-dum  
Do-do-dee-doo  
Do-dee-Dah. ..  
Oh, yeaaaah!  
  
George: As I was saying. ..  
Fz: Now, what we'd like to do at this point is get some volunteers from the
audience to. .. I know you will, oh God, you will. .. We need some. .. Heh heh
heh. .. Now, as a matter of fact you did, didn't you. .. No, we wanna have
some people who've never tried it before, who've never even thought of trying
it before. A boy, a girl, preferably who like each other, who would like to
come up here and attempt to dance to what George sings. ..  
  
Pe-dop  
  
Fz: Do we have anybody whose. .. ? You're one. Okay, what's your name?  
Carl: Carl.  
Fz: Your name is Carl? Please, Carl, step on to the stage. .. Pleased to meet
you, Carl  
  
Pe-do-dum-dee  
Dum-dee-dum-de-de-dop  
  
Fz: Alright. Okay? Let's see, uh. .. Is there anybody in the, in the back?
Well. .. Oh-oh, hey! What's your name?  
Rick: Rick.  
Fz: Rick, and?  
Jane: Jane.  
Fz: Jane. .. Rick and jane and carl! Alright, here's how it works: There's a
beat going on like this

