Some nights, I stay up cashing in my bad luck  
Some nights, I call it a draw  
  
Some nights, I wish that my lips could build a castle  
Some nights, I wish they'd just fall off  
  
But I still wake up, I still see your ghost  
Oh Lord, I'm still not sure, what I stand for oh oh oh  
What do I stand for? Oh what do I stand for?  
Most nights, I don't know anymore  
Oh whoa, oh whoa, oh whoa oh oh  
Oh whoa, oh whoa, oh whoa oh oh  
  
This is it, boys, this is war, what are we waiting for?  
Why don't we break the rules already?  
I was never one to believe the hype,  
Save that for the black and white I try twice as hard and I'm half as liked,  
But here they come again to jack my style  
  
That's alright, I found a martyr in my bed tonight  
Stops my bones from wondering just who I, who I, who I am, oh who am I, mm, mm  
  
Well some nights, I wish that this all would end  
'Cause I could use some friends for a change  
And some nights, I'm scared you'll forget me again  
Some nights, I always win, I always win  
  
But I still wake up, I still see your ghost  
Oh Lord, I'm still not sure what I stand for, oh  
What do I stand for? Oh what do I stand for? Most nights, I don't know (come
on)  
  
So this is it? I sold my soul for this?  
Washed my hands of that for this?  
I miss my mom and dad for this?  
No. When I see stars, when I see stars, that's all they are  
When I hear songs, they sound like a swan, so come on  
Oh, come on, oh, come on, oh come on!  
  
Well that is it, guys, that is all, five minutes in and I'm bored again  
Ten years of this, I'm not sure if anybody understands  
This is not one for the folks at home, I'm sorry to leave, mom, I had to go  
Who the fuck wants to die alone all dried up in the desert sun?  
My heart is breaking for my sister and the con that she called "love"  
But when I look into my nephew's eyes,  
Man you wouldn't believe, the most amazing things, that can come from,  
Some terrible nights, ah (oh whoa, oh whoa, oh whoa, oh oh)  
  
Oh whoa, oh whoa, oh whoa, oh oh  
Oh whoa, oh whoa, oh whoa, oh oh  
  
The other night, you wouldn't believe the dream I just had about you and me  
I called you up, but we'd both agree  
It's for the best you didn't listen  
It's for the best we get our distance, oh  
It's for the best you didn't listen  
It's for the best we get our distance, oh

