Slow down, we've got time left to be lazy  
All the kids have bloomed from babies into flowers in our eyes.  
We've got five good years left to spend out in the garden  
I don't care to beg your pardon,  
We should live until we die.  
  
We were barely 18 when we'd crossed collective hearts.  
It was cold, but it got warm when you'd barely crossed my eye.  
And then you turned, put out your hand,  
And you asked me to dance.  
I knew nothing of romance, but it was love at second sight.  
  
I swear when I grow up, I won't just buy you a rose.  
I will buy the flower shop, and you will never be lonely.  
Even if the sun stops waking up over the fields  
I will not leave, I will not leave 'till it's our time.  
So just take my hand, you know that I will never leave your side.  
  
It was the winter of '86, and all the fields had frozen over.  
So we moved to Arizona to save our only son  
And now he's turning to a man, although he thinks just like his mother,  
He believes we're all just lovers he sees hope in everyone.  
  
And even though she moved away,  
We always get calls from our daughter.  
She has eyes just like her father's  
They are blue when skies are grey  
And just like him, she never stops,  
Never takes the day for granted,  
Works for everything that's handed to her,  
Never once complains.  
  
You think that I nearly lost you  
When the doctors tried to take you away.  
But like the night you took my hand beside the fire  
Thirty years ago to this day  
You swore you'd be here 'til we decide that it's our time  
Well it's not time, you've never quit in all your life.  
So just take my hand, you know that I'll never leave your side.  
You're the love of my life, you know that I'll never leave your side.  
  
You come home from work and you kiss me on the eye  
You curse the dogs, you say that I should never feed them what is ours.  
So we move out to the garden and look at everything we've grown.  
And now the kids are coming home  
I'll set the table  
You can make the fire.

