Like father like son  
Not flesh nor fish nor bone  
A red rag hangs from an open mouth.  
Alive at both ends but a little dead in the middle,  
A-tumbling and a-bumbling he will go.  
All the king's horses and all the king's men  
Could never put a smile on that face.  
  
He's a sly one, he's a shy one  
Wouldn't you be too.  
Scared to be left all on his own.  
Hasn't a, hasn't a friend to play with, the ugly duckling  
The pressure on, the bubble will burst before our eyes.  
All the while in perfect time  
His tears are falling on the ground  
But if you don't stand up you don't stand a chance.  
  
Go a little faster now, you might get there in time.  
  
Mirror mirror on the wall,  
His heart was broken long before he ever came to you.  
Stop your tears from falling,  
The trail they leave is very clear for all to see at night  
All to see at night.  
  
In season, out of season  
What's the difference when you don't know the reason.  
In one hand bread, the other a stone.  
The hunter enters the forest.  
All are not huntsmen who can blow the huntsman's horn  
By the look of this one you've not got much to fear.  
  
Here I am, I'm very fierce and frightening  
Come to match my skill to yours.  
Now listen here, listen to me, don't you run away now  
I am a friend, I'd really like to play with you.  
Making noises my little furry friend would make  
I'll trick him, then I'll kick him into my sack.  
You better watch out you better watch out.  
  
I've got you, I've got you, you'll never get away.  
  
Walking home that night  
The sack across my back, the sound of sobbing on my shoulder.  
When suddenly it stopped,  
I opened up the sack, all that I had  
A pool of bubbles and tears - just a pool of tears.  
  
All in all you are a very dying race  
Placing trust upon a cruel world.  
You never had the things you thought you should have had  
And you'll not get them now,  
And all the while in perfect time  
Your tears are falling on the ground.

