Hey, you're just too funky for me,  
I gotta get inside of you,  
And I'll show you heaven if you let me.  
Hey you're just too funky for me,  
I gotta get inside, (I gotta get inside)  
I gotta get inside of you (So when will that be?).  
I watch you're fingers working overtime (Overtime),  
I've got to thinking that they should be mine. Oh!  
I'd love to see you naked baby,  
I'd like to think that sometime maybe  
Tonight, if that's alright. Yeah!  
  
Hey, you're just too funky for me,  
I gotta get inside of you, (Won't let you go)  
I won't let you, no-no  
Hey you're just too funky for me,  
I gotta get inside, (I gotta get inside)  
I gotta get inside of you (I'll let you love me).  
I watch you drinkin' and I take my time,  
I watch you sinkin' all over that cheap red wine, Oh!  
I've got to see you naked baby,  
I'd like to think that sometime maybe,  
Tonight my goal's in sight, Yeah!  
  
Baby, baby, baby, why do you do this to me?  
Won't let you go, (Won't let you go)  
You're such a, you're such a  
Baby, baby, baby, why do you do this to me?  
I've got to know. (I've got to know)  
(I'm gonna be the kind of lover that you never had)  
Hey you're just too funky.  
(You're never gonna have another lover in your bed)  
You're just too funky for me.  
  
(Would you like me to seduce you, is that what you're trying to tell me?)  
(Everybody wants a lover like that)  
Baby  
(Everybody wants a lover like that) Yeah! Yeah!  
(Everybody wants a lover like that) Everybody, everybody  
(Everybody wants a lover like that)  
(Is that what you are trying to tell me?)  
(Everybody wants a lover, everybody wants a lover like that.  
Everybody wants a lover, everybody wants a lover like that.  
Everybody wants a lover, everybody wants a lover like that.  
Everybody wants a lover, everybody wants a lover like that.  
(Would you like me to seduce you?)  
You're such a, you're such a  
(Would you like me to seduce you?) Yeah! Yeah!  
(Would you like me to seduce you?) You're such a, you're such a.  
Yeah! Yeah!  
(Would you stop playing with that radio of yours, I'm trying to get to  
Sleep! )

