Rachel: I'm limited,  
Just look at me.  
I'm limited.  
And just look at you, you can do all I couldn't do Glinda.  
So now it's up to you,  
For both of us.  
Now it's up to you.  
  
Kurt: I've heard it said,  
That people come into our lives for a reason,  
Bringing something we must learn,  
And we are led to those who help us most to grow,  
If we let them,  
And we help them in return.  
Well I don't know if I believe that's true,  
But I know I'm who I am today because I knew you.  
  
Kurt: Like a comet pulled from orbit, as it passes a sun.  
Like a stream that meets a boulder, halfway through the wood.  
Who can say if I've been changed for the better?  
Beacuse I knew you,  
I have been cahnged for good.  
  
Rachel: It well may be that we will never meet again,  
In this lifetime.  
So let me say before we part,  
So much of me is made from what I learned from you.  
You'll be with me like a hand print on my heart.  
An now whatever way our stories end,  
I know you have re-written my by being my friend.  
  
Rachel: Like a ship blown from it's mooring, by a wind off the sea.  
Like a seed dropped by a skybird in a distand wood.  
Who can say if I've been changed for the better?  
But because I knew you...  
  
Kurt: Because I knew you...  
  
Both: I have been changed for good.  
  
Rachel: And just to clear the air,  
I ask forgiveness,  
For the things I've done, you blame me for.  
  
Kurt: But then I guess we know there's blame to share.  
  
Both: And none of it seems to matter anymore.  
  
Kurt: Like a comet pulled from orbit  
(Rachel: Like a ship blown from it's mooring)  
Kurt: As it passes a sun.  
(Rachel: By a wind off the sea)  
Kurt: Like a stream that meets a boulder halfway throug the wood.  
(Rachel: Like a seed dropped by a songbird in a distant wood)  
  
Both: Who can say if I've been changed for the better?  
I do believe I have been changed for the better.  
  
Kurt: And because I knew you...  
  
Rachel: Because I knew you...  
  
Both: Because I knew you...  
I have been changed for good.

