[Hook:]  
We the felix brothers, vato, we the felix brothers  
We count 200 million every time we meet each other  
I'm in LA, caviar, like a Meechie Brother  
Guwop a felix brother, PeeWee he a felix brother  
We the felix brothers, nigga, we the felix brothers  
We'll cut your body into pieces, send it to your mother  
VVS' br-br-br got diamonds on the cutters  
Ballin' hard in Tijuana, cocaine, lean and marijuana  
  
[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]  
They call me Felix, when I'm in Pheonix, I'm selling cheap shit  
Cheap bricks, that ain't that remix, I got that clean shit  
I bulletproof my Hummers, I got Noreaga numbers  
Call it Christmas in the summer when I touch down with them bumpers  
Stash house in the jungle, I done filled it up with hundreds  
A hundred killers, just go like gorillas, Brick Squad we ain't (?)  
Throw a (?) we blow up your beamer, then cut off your fingers  
Got a gold AK, and a gold AP, and I'm slidin' down the street on fo's  
Got a hit squad vato, (?) niggas  
(?) won't sip on that ammo  
The world is all mine, I want all of it nigga  
And I got enough choppers for all of you niggas  
You say you're my friend, and you say you're my man, but you roll with the
nigga that snitched on a nigga  
You're down on your luck and you say you're fucked up and I should get your
white for a brick of that dust  
Money got a little dust on it  
Blunt got a little tuss' on it  
Fell in love with that white girl  
At first I had a little crush on it  
Dope coming by train nigga  
Caravan then by plane nigga  
So Icey print on my last brick  
But these bricks plain jane, nigga  
  
[Hook]  
  
[Verse 2: PeeWee Longway]  
Chop your body into pieces, send it to your momma  
Walking in the underground tunnel with a hundred bundles  
And a hundred gunners spraying colors, wet you up, tomato  
We at war with chapos, send my head honcho, get your bitch at brunch  
Double back duwop for lunch, big guns that shoot outside front  
Cocaine, lean, marijuana, close call, got goons on call, show up on your porch  
OG weed rolled up in my blunt  
We the Felix Brothers, nigga  
Smash your ass straight out that junt  
Felix brothers, nigga  
Every time we have a meeting, agree, count two hundred (?)  
AK that go by the name of my car, and my brother (?)  
My max is extortion, them youngins are bussin'  
(?)  
New York, meet with 50 for a (?)  
(?)  
Told you before, we them Felix Brothers  
Me and my main man, we (?)  
You see one of us, you gon' see the other  
My bredren, my bredren, my bredren  
I told you before, don't beef with us  
We letting go rounds in the beamer truck  
Fuck up your whole town like Katrina struck  
I told you before, we the Felix Brothers  
Longway!  
  
[Hook]

