[Chorus]  
Since you can't get right Imma show you how to hustle,  
Show you how to hustle show you how to hustle.  
Make a grind all night, Imma show you how to hustle,  
Show you how to hustle, show you how to hustle..  
Put ya game down tight I'ma show you how to hustle,  
Show you how to hustle, show you how to hustle.  
It's an all night flight, I'ma show you how to hustle,  
Show you hustle, show you how to hustle (Yeah)  
  
I let my hater be my motivator, I got 20 pounds of purp, in my refrigerator  
So damn an investergator, when I re-up they bring it in a tractor trailer.  
I'm the king of Decatur man, got that fruity dro any kinda flavor man,  
Good cush or that purple thrax, white rhino you ain't never heard of that.  
I got them sevens fr the buck fifty, 125 if an nigga fuck wit me,  
You doing bad buying 50 slabs, I'm in Texico buying out sandwich bags  
Niggas churpin' on my Nextel, Gucci what it look like nigga fish scales(ughh)  
I use to hold down the Hotel, now I'm a member of the Sign Yourself Cartel  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Verse 2:  
(ughh0  
I use to be the nigga wit the dimes, now I'm on the grind wit the 4's and the
9's.  
They say it's Gucci time to shine, a young black entrepreneur in his prime  
A nigga got a get the whole thing, 19.5 every time my phone rang  
I got so much clientele, black tee, black Gat and a pocket scale  
So I can't go broke man, niggas know me as the Dope man's dope man  
I made this one for my folks man, for the J's that be smoking outta coke cans  
And they asking for a wake up, you wanna a brick I gotcha covered like make-
up.  
So want you holla at you boy, you drop a couple dollars, I'll get your coke,
I'll get your boy  
  
[Chorus]  
  
I got them pounds and the Q.P.'s, I move units, I ain't talking bout cd's  
I'm talking bout HB's, a hundred pounds nigga holla at HB  
Nigga I can get an Escalade off a hundred slab and a razor blade  
When I cut it wit the rich band 2 flips nigga I'ma be a rich man.  
And these robbers trying to plot up, get his car shot up trying take a nigga
product  
These niggas ain't harming me,plus I sell more drugs than a pharmacy.  
I'ma mix it wit the Isatol, ten thousand pills and these bitches ain't no
Tylenol  
Big nuts like bowling balls, 30 though and dollar charm and a hole in the
wall.  
  
[Chorus]

