We are the suffragettes,  
Think you know some fierce girls?  
You ain't heard nothing yet.  
  
A lass called Milli Fawcett, founder of our cause,  
Started the battle for our rights  
Argued the government should change the laws,  
Here is how she stated our plight  
  
How come girls can't vote for rules that we have to obey?  
When we work and pay taxes too!  
Parliament's reaction was  
'Oh do go away! '  
How dare they diss the suffrage crew  
  
Suffragettes sing, we're gonna do this thing  
Peaceful protest started in 1903  
Got no reaction, needed drastic action  
Got a new leader Emmeline Pankhurst  
That's me  
  
Burst into parliament shouting "votes for women",  
Actions though were shocking and new  
Chained ourselves to palace gates  
Tension was brimming on the WSPU  
Burned down churches, smashed up shops  
Attacked mps, the result we were thrown in gaol  
This made us more determined as you'll come to see  
Think we'd give up fighting? Hey fail!  
  
Suffragettes sing together we can win  
In prison we protested and went on hunger strike  
Men still said no but we just said Yo!  
You won't stop us now!  
Miss Davison please take the mic  
  
We became more extreme  
Derby day June 13  
In front of king and queen  
Committed sacrifice supreme  
Crept unseen between the team  
And crowds watching the race  
And threw myself under a horse  
To try and make our case  
Became a famous martyr, how did men react?  
We can't give women votes if they're so stupid they'll do that  
  
Seemed our cause was lost  
When world war came along  
Our suffragette reaction  
Was to wave our protest good bye  
Farewell, so long, took patriotic action  
Put down our banner saying give us votes  
Instead supported the men's fight  
Worked to help them win the war so guess what they said  
Okay ladies... You were right!  
  
Suffragettes sing, we've done it ding-ding  
At last those men could see they should treat us the same  
So all take note now that women can vote  
And it's thanks to those who fought in the  
Suffragette name!

