(Talking)  
  
Yeah!  
  
100 Roman soliders lay dead on the beach, who'd slayed them?  
I am the greatest warrior who has ever lived! Yeah!  
Warriors! I bring tidings of great victory, surely there is know other  
Warrior in the land who can beat me! Huh!  
I am the most fearsome warrior to walk the land of the living,  
So I think we've got a problem.  
I think there's only one way to settle this!  
  
Boast battle!  
  
So let's clear the air, grab a chair,  
I've got flair, when I fight a bear.  
I rip off it's skin, for my wife to wear,  
I did it for a dare, I'm your worst nightmare -  
Look close, check out my facial hair.  
  
Relax, face facts, a fight with you would be an anticlimax,  
When you go to war, you don't take off your slacks.  
Look at me - I'm tough, I fight in the buff,  
I could say more but I've said enough so...  
  
Boast Battle!  
  
Have some grace, shut your face!  
  
Boast Battle!  
  
Cause Braedon boy you're well off the pace!  
  
Seems to me that you're not even skilled,  
I can fill a lake with the blood I've spilled.  
I decorate my house with heads of men I've killed,  
I'd stab you right now but I'm trying to chill.  
  
Yeah you got a brain but you've just got one,  
I've got five on my belt from the battles I've won.  
In a rage, on a rampage, I've killed more men then old age so...  
  
Boast Battle!  
  
And I've only just begun!  
  
Boast Battle!  
  
And I'm not even done!  
  
You're just killing the enemy, that's lazy,  
I kill my own people, I'm that crazy.  
I go berserk and my eyes go glazy,  
I get so mad I could stab a daisy (but I won't cause that would be stupid).  
  
All right! All right! Stop!  
Think a while! Look at your style man that's vile!  
You look like you've been dressed by a reptile,  
You're a steaming pile, I'm dressed like a king.  
I wear a torc round my neck when I'm doing my killing,  
And on my finger, I'm wearing a ring.  
When I said I fight nude I wasn't counting my bling! Yo!  
  
Boast Battle!  
  
Oh! And I paint myself blue!  
  
Boast Battle!  
  
That is way, way cooler than you!  
  
So much better than you, that you ought to bow,  
I'll offer to fight you but you wouldn't know how.  
Enough with the talk yeah, let's end this now,  
I can sum it all up in just one word...  
  
Owww! Muuum!

