"In The Deep Dark Bowls of the  
Underworld order must be maintained.  
Without a strict and unforgiving  
Chain of command chaos is inevitable"  
  
Whats up youngsta since your the new booty  
And don't know nothin' I gotta show ya bout  
The peckin' order.  
Its the order in how we do  
Things and move things.  
See somebody gonna  
Tell you what to do after I tell that  
Motherfucker what to do.  
  
It's the peckin' order (echo)  
It's the peckin' order (echo)  
  
We got the power to make you niggas sour  
Big fish, whale like itchy cower  
Steppin' out the shower it's the peckin' order  
Ax ya daughter how we peck, inspect  
High class ass the projects  
Push my Lex to the California range  
Southern lane  
Infamous skeems is on the brain for my connect game  
Put a strain on every leak and I chain (that's right)  
We all get ?  
Take a svornnotes to make a see notes  
Doin' all tha howdy bullshit floats and niggas don't  
Some niggas don't gangsta paradise say nothin' nice  
Yeah we livin' so tight we need Jesus in our lives  
  
It's the peckin' order  
It's the order how we do things and move things  
Only fuck wit the true things  
  
Havin' heavy in the course whit the world of depression  
Messin' wit the wrong bitches never learn our lesson  
Stressin', no guessin', never question even when we playin'  
We testin', confession  
Do you still want to meet wit the killers  
Hold accountable for anything you repeat  
It's the peckin' order, ask your daughter how we peck  
When we smoke you it's your best friend we suspect  
  
It's the peckin' order  
It's the order how we do things and move things  
Only fuck wit the true things  
  
Now come on, come on partner, come on.  
(it's the pecking order)  
I don't want to hear none of that shit man,  
All that cryin' and beggin' and shit.  
To be honest whit you that shit really don't even  
Affect me in no kind of way partner.  
You wastin' your motherfuckin' time.  
(it's the pecking order)  
Lets get this shit goin', lets get it over wit  
Come on back here, back here, I can't make no motherfuckin' mess right here  
Check this out homie, make it easy on yourself.  
I know you want a motherfuckin' open casket  
Where your people can see you and kiss on you.  
But you are pissin' me off  
And I will blow noodles out you motherfuckin' head  
And none of that happens after that  
So come back here, come on, right  
Come on, ey but you know, one more thing before I do this  
  
(Bam)  
  
It's the peckin' order (echo)  
It's the peckin' order (echo)  
It's the peckin' order (echo)

