"I can dig it!"  
  
"Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay"  
"Dog-catcher, dog-catcher!"  
"Bow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay"  
"I can dig it!"  
  
"Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay"  
"Dog-catcher, dog-catcher!"  
"Bow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay"  
"I can dig it!"  
  
Here's another topic I'm addressin  
so learn a quick lesson, about your Smith and Wesson  
Sit your ass back and comprehend  
as I let you know about man's best friend  
Now remember: it used to be a dog like Lassie  
but now in ninety-one it's a gun if you asked me  
Just like a jimmy hat's used for protection  
I use my nine when suckers start to flexin  
Cause if you run up and try to play mine  
I'd rather have a AK than a fuckin canine  
Cause if you shot your gun, and my dog tried to fetch her  
me and the dog's goin out on a stretcher  
And I ain't with that, so I gotta get that  
big black gat, aim and I hit that  
Forget about a dog fool, he'll shit in the den  
Nowadays.. a gat is man's best friend  
  
"Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay"  
"Dog-catcher, dog-catcher!"  
"Bow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay"  
"Man's best friend"  
"I can dig it!"  
  
Here is the reason why Ice Cube pack  
Just in case the little punks try to jack  
I can't put a motherfuckin pitbull  
under a coat, in the small of my back  
So I gotta take my beretta, and I betcha  
it'll probably work, a 100 percent better  
Cause it'll keep me out of danger  
with sixteen in the clip and one in the chamber  
So this goes to all y'all intruders  
Beware of the owner, cause the owner is a shooter  
I don't just wanna give your ass rabies  
I'd rather have your ass pushing up daisies  
And I can't do that with Benji,  
Rin Tin Tin, or Spuds McKenzie  
Forget about a dog fool, he'll shit in the den  
Nowadays, a gat is man's best friend  
  
"Just don't let me see you shoot no dogs!"  
"Hey, I got shots fired here, send me another unit"  
"The profile of a typical American gun owner is this:  
Over thirty, white, male, middle class"  
  
"Take that motherfuckers!"  

