"Attention all nigga rows and nigga hoes  
We've decided to rob this motherfucker the legal way  
Nobs injecting ourselves to become property on the stock  
In the penal system. In the justice system"  
  
Penitentiary I hear you calling me  
Penitentiary I hear you calling me  
Penitentiary I hear you calling me  
Penitentiary I hear you calling me  
  
As the world turns it burns while it's spinning  
Coming to a fucked up ending  
I can't wait till the day everything in the hood is straight  
And I can hit the purty gates  
Until then, the pen is unfair  
Slave ships in the middle of nowhere (ma)  
I lets my goddamn hair grow (ma)  
Bellin' in court, lookin' like a scarecrow  
On Capital Hill, they them passed a bill  
Coming at me with a fucked-up deal (nah)  
The judge gave me a 'L'  
But y'all can't tell  
I wait and cry in my cell  
Convicted negro, superhero  
Speaker at our house  
Takin' lyrics in my mouth  
Bitches in the south showin' ass (mm)  
Mix a lot, got hoes puttin' titties on the glass  
We blast in the west for example  
And rap about this shit over funkadelic samples  
Yo' babies see me kill a fool on TV (Wilson!)  
And straight call me a G  
  
[Chorus]  
Penitentiary, I hear you calling me  
Penitentiary, I hear you calling me  
Thinkin' of illegal ways to get paid  
But it ain't shit, got to be legit  
  
[Bridge]  
South-central L.A.  
You can buy your game from the C.I.A., hey-hey  
And South-central L.A.  
You can buy your game from the C.I.A. baby  
  
When the evil outweighs the good  
And you only give a fuck about rucks  
The Earth will self-destruct (Bitch)  
Fuck the ozone layer, bitch I'm a player (Bitch)  
Plus we got a black mayor  
I get sex when I shows flex (Boom!)  
Porbey Rolex (Boom!)  
Which hoe is next? (Boom!)  
Would you like a piece of me? Not a mate  
Calling you a hoe 'cause I'm fucking on the first day (uh)  
My world is a one-mile radius  
I swear every other hood is the shadiest (uh)  
Could the crips and bloods be all rotten  
When the trilateral commission is plottin'?  
What you gonna do when the Earth erupts?  
Some niggas gettin' nuts outa carafel cups (punk)  
Fool you on master's woe  
But won't even think about, sucking Bob Doe (punk)  
Asshole from the Senate  
How can you relate to a project tennant?  
Motherfuck you and not the court man, no corrections  
Tryina' get a section of this west-side connection  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
  
[Bridge]  
  
[Repeat: x3]  
Just because you gotta stay  
You ain't gotta rot away  
We goin' come and get you one day

