You can run but you can't hide from the westside  
Night stalker shit talker run and tell them Mr L.M.  
Nigga with the gat and I'm back  
Off the everyday prey that I slay  
Rolling with the fo' chase ya through South Central  
Monkey wrench ho's should know that she'll get the balzac  
Cause I'm not staving but fuck that  
Johnny Carson ho' never had me on the Late Night Show  
Coming with the shit that'll hitch  
Steady mobbing cause the flavors good  
There goes the neighborhood nigga with the third album  
How come he don't fall off?  
Rolling with the sawed-off gauge  
Turn the page of the chapter, caught up in the rapture  
But you know Anita, she can get the Pita  
Eat 'em up yum, and your flawed  
Mutha-fuck Billboard and the editor  
Here comes the Predator.  
  
Check your head for the new style  
Fuck Lawrence Powell and Presino, Wynd and Koon  
Pretty soon we'll fuck them like they fucked us and won't kiss 'em  
Riots ain't nothing but dodge for the system  
Fighting with the beast, no justice, no peace  
If any, even if we fuck up Denny  
Niggaz are sick of your white mans tricks with no treat  
That's right, now it's on, on sight  
You call me a Muslim, no I'm not a resident, still got my vote in  
Farrakhan for president, a white America, I'm tearing ya  
A new ass ho', who's the nigga with the new black  
Strolling to your suburb house and I douse with gas  
Now who's cleaning up trash?  
Eat 'em up yum, and your flawed  
Motherfuck Billboard and the editor  
Here comes the Predator.  
  
Get my black rag showing and I'm ?  
Kiss my grips like ? or Mel's Diner  
I'm meaner than a motherfucking Hyena, chasing Antelope  
Put a chrome to your dome, watch it bust like a Cantelope  
I can't stand a rope, so don't try to hang 'em  
Talk about dog's, boy I can sling 'em  
Ratta-tat-tat on your noggin  
Cause Ice will cream your ass like ? chocolate  
I get crazy when I catch a rap  
Even be flipping the toungue like ? Das-Efx  
So who is Ice Cube?  
I'm a rapper, actor, macker  
Got a little problem with the redneck cracker  
Get the polly, whack her, ? is a devil shit-packer  
Coming with a crazy pitch  
And the statue of Liberty ain't nothing but a lazy bitch  
Don't want to give up the crack to the black  
But you call it racial, if we go and break the ho'  
But eat 'em up yum and your flawed  
Mother-fuck Billboard and the editor  
Here comes the Predator

