Drivin' down the motherfuckin' highway  
The flyway hey bitch you goin' my way?  
Now I got a passenger  
I look at the miniskirt now I'm askin' her  
Would you like to hit the fat bud  
Or perhaps should I run your name through the mud  
I mean are you giving up the nappy dugout?  
She said no well then get the fuck out  
Cause I know where the hoes be feinin'  
Plus your fat ass got my six deuce leanin'  
Bust a you on the avenue  
Why oh why there ain't shit to do  
But then sir jinx played his mix  
And you thought that shit played out in eighty six  
Lookin' for my dogs  
Looked up in the mirror being followed by the hogs  
One time's on my motherfuckin' line  
Why the fuck the swine had to get behind a nigga like me  
They must thind I'm a gee  
They both walk up with the g. l. o. c.  
(Freeze! There was a robbery and the nigger looked just like you. Now  
Get out of the car with your hands up and legs spread.)  
Started they investigation  
No driver's liscence no registration  
When I stepped out the car they slammed me  
Goddamn ya'll who got the camera?  
  
[Chorus]  
Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit  
Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit  
Who got the camera?  
Who got the camera?  
  
No lights no camera no action  
And the pigs wouldn't believe that my slave name was Jackson  
He said don't lie to me  
I'm lookin' for John, Matt, or Spike Lee  
The motherfucker called for back up  
I guess they planned to beat the mack up  
He called me a silly ass thug  
And pulled out his billy ass club  
Tearin' up my coupe lookin' for the chronic  
Goddamn nobody got a panasonic  
Found an empty can of old gold  
Came around and put my ass in a choke hold  
Fucked around and broke my pager  
Then they hit a nigga with the tazer  
The motherfucking pigs were tryin' to hurt me  
I fell to the floor and yelled lord have mercy  
Then they hit me in the face ya'll  
But to them it ain't nuttin' but (a friendly game of base ball)  
Crowd stood around I said goddamn ya  
Who got the camera  
  
[Chorus]  
  
I knew when I saw that deputy smirkin'  
That they were gonna put some work in  
Mr. law had to hit me in the jaw  
Cause I called them faggots with guns and badges  
They played rat-a-tat-tat on me head  
But if I had the gatty-gat-gat they'd be dead  
A victim of a big fat 187  
And little devils don't go to heaven  
Last night there were eleven but they were'nt scarin me  
So they tried the flashlight therapy  
I looked at the black one and called him a traitor  
I don't give a fuck if you got a beta  
Just take my fuckin' picture  
So I can go downtown and bitch and pitch ya (?)  
The one that called me a spook  
His name is officer David Duke  
If the crowd weren't around they would've shot me  
Tried to play me out like my name was rodney  
Fuckin' police gettin' badder  
But if I had a camera the shit wouldn't matter  
(bitch), uh who got my nine, who got my nine  
Ya'll done did it this time, uh  
Who the fuck got my nine

