Straight gangsta mack  
Straight gangsta mack  
Straight gangsta mack  
Straight gangsta mack  
Who's the mack? is it some brother in a big hat  
Thinking he can get any bitch with a good rap?  
Rolling in a fucked up Lincoln  
Leaning to the side So it looks like he's sinking  
Into that leopard interior  
This nigga thinks every girl's inferior  
To his tongue get a dumb bitch sprung  
As she's selling more butt  
Don't even get a cut of the money  
His name is Sonny  
And he know the play  
And hope to god that he don't find a runaway  
That's looking to become a star  
He'll have your ass in and out of every car  
With every on and Rick, sucking every john's dick  
Come short of the money, get your ass kicked  
You don't like it but you still call him hunk  
Last night the nigga put yo' ass in the trunk  
You want to leave but Sonny started talking fast  
And it make you want to go and sell more ass  
He's getting rich, you his bitch and it's like that  
Now ask yourself  
Who's the mack?  
Who's the mack?  
  
It is that fool that want to pump the gas  
Give you a sad story and you give him cash?  
He starts macking and macking and you sucking  
Quick to say I'm down on my luck  
And you give a dollar or a quarter and he's on his way  
Then you see his sorry ass the next day  
Are you the one getting played like a sucker?  
Or do you say, "Get a job, motherfucker"?  
Every day, the story gets better  
He's wearing dirty pants and a funky-assed sweater  
He claims he wants to get something to eat  
But every day you find yourself getting beat  
He gets your money and you run across the street don't look both ways  
'cause he's in a daze  
And almost get his ass hit for the crack  
Now ask yourself  
Who's the mack?  
Who's the Mack?  
  
Is it that nigga in that club asking  
Have you ever been in a hot tub?  
I know the game so I watch it unfold  
When I see the boy pinned to your earlobe  
He's talking shit and you crack a smile  
When he tell you that he can go buck wild  
For a girl like you and make it feel good  
You know it's drama but it sound real good  
He started dragging and hopefully he can start tagging  
The pussy so he can keep bragging  
He say, "I'm 'a leave baby, can you go with me?"  
The pussy so he can keep bragging  
You want to do it but you feeling like a H-O-E  
You grab his hand, you leave and it's over  
'Cause the nigga ain't nothing but a rover  
Ya knew the game and you still ended up on your back  
Now ask yourself  
Who's the Mack?  
Macking is the game and everybody's playing  
And as long as you believe what they saying  
Consider the a M.A.C.K. and with no delay  
They are gonna get all the play  
But when it comes to me, save the drama for your momma  
It's Ice Cube and you know that I'm a  
Mack in my own right  
When it comes to rhyme and rap  
'cause all I do is kick facts  
Unlike Iceberg Slimm  
And all of them be claimin' be P.I.M.P.  
No, I'm not going out that way  
I'm just a straight up N I double G A  
Next time you get over on a fool  
And you did the shit like real smooth  
Thank Ice Cube for giving up the facts  
And ask yourself  
Who's the Mack?  
Straight gangsta Mack  
Straight gangsta Mack  
Straight gangsta Mack  
Straight gangsta Mack

