In any country prison is where society sends it's failures  
But in this country society itself is failing.  
  
Today how you like me now I'm in the mix?  
It's 1986 and I got the fix with the chicken and a quota  
Got the baking soda let the water boil workers all loyal  
Dropped out the twelve'th  
'cause my wealth is shorter than a midget on his knees  
Now I slang keys  
Infest my hood with crack, 'cause I'm the mack  
Take a nation of millions to hold me back  
Too big for my britches, and I got bitches  
Now I'm hittin' switches, niggas want my riches  
Used to get 18 when my G was alive, now a key is 13-5  
'89s the number, another summer  
Police ain't get no dumber  
Streets dried up, used to think it would last  
But being a king-pin is a thing of the past  
They tried to blast me for selling a boulder  
Now I got my ass in Minnesota  
Got my own crew, it's on brand new  
  
Damn, what can I do?  
  
Today  
  
Already done stack me half a mill ticket  
Bought a house next to Prince, so now I can kick it  
Now I got ends, wavin' to my friends, rollin' in my Benz  
Goin' to see the Twins, play at the dome  
Police are tappin' my mobile phone  
I'm almost home  
Gettin' excited, indited, spent a grip and a year tryin' to fight it  
Lawyer got paid, plea, no contest  
And everything I own got repossessed  
Now take a look at the dust  
And I'm happy 'cause I only got 36 months  
Never picked up a book  
But my arms are 16 inches, niggas look  
Can't wait for '92 so I can get with my crew  
And see, what can I do?  
  
Today  
  
Fucked up in the pen, now it's ninety-fo  
Back in LA, and I'm bailin' in the dough  
Everybody, now I gotta start from scratch  
So where to work at, and niggas smirk at  
Me say ain't nothin' poppin' from here to the LB  
What you tell me?  
No it ain't crack, and everybody's jackin' for a coupe  
'cause, they sent in the troops  
Even tho I got muscle, that ain't my hustle  
Takin' niggas shit in a tussle  
No skills to pay the bills  
Takin' 'bout education to battle inflation  
No college degree, just a dumb ass G  
(Yeah you Nigga, who me?)  
I got a baby on the way, damn it's a mess  
Have you ever been convicted of a felony? Yes  
Took some advice from my Uncle Fester  
All dressed up in polyester  
Welcome to McDonald's may I please help you?  
Shit, what can I do?  
  
Today  
  
The white man has broke every law known to man to establish AmeriKKKa.  
But he'll put you in the state penitentiary,  
He'll put you in the federal  
Penitentiary for breaking these same laws.  
Now we gonna look and see if  
This motherfucker is guilty for the laws  
He'll put you in jail for  
  
Drug using, drug selling, armed robbery, strong armed robbery, grand  
Larceny, rape, racketeering, conspiracy to commit murder, extortion,  
Aggravated assault, mayhem, sodomy of the black man, trespassing,  
Embezzlement, purgery, kidnapping, smuggling, grand theft, brandishing  
A firearm, carrying a concealed weapon, breaking and entering, and  
Premeditated cold-blooded murder.  
  
Guilty on every charge.

