(hey yo cube)  
Make it ruff  
(cube check it out)  
Whats up?  
(yo this bitch was suckin' my dick, you know what I told her?)  
What?  
(make the music with ya mouth biatch!)  
Ha ha ha ha, baby baby!  
(ha ha ya like that)  
Make it ruff  
(now, make it smooth)  
  
I make niggas say 'woof' 'cause I'm in the coupe with no roof  
(ya smell like somethin' 90-proof)  
'cause I'm ruff, and nigga you can buck these nuts  
If you comin' with that smooth shit, hard core rules shit  
(i make the hoes say 'hay' each and every day  
Bitch 'cause I'm the k-dee, no I'm not a g)  
Motherfuckin' wannabe mack  
(but I'm smooth like that)  
I gots ta buck, you, right on up, punk you lucky that cha livin'  
'cause I'm the unforgiven, I like power, ain't a damn thing funny  
(i like pussy and money  
And I won't slam like onyx or never ever stutter  
But I'm B-B-butter,  
Leader of the new school, you hard core fool!)  
Nigga make it ruff! (make it smooth!)  
  
Make it ruff (no, make it smooth.)  
  
You can lick me up and down till I yell stop!  
Damn bitch ya missed a drop, cause I don't play when I sway  
It's the quicker picker upper,  
A pro that moves slow before this hoe I'm quick  
To dump her, so eeny-meeny-miney-mo, where's my dough?  
I gots ta make a livin', I out ta get mo,  
Money, and got more nuts for ya honey, so  
Come and break me off, this nigga's walkin' soft,  
It's the smoothness that make niggas move to this,  
For you ruff necks, I'll check you with my tool and shit,  
Don't sweat 'em, just let 'em play that hardcore  
Role, we still cool, but just make it smooth  
  
You know what, it's like a jungle sometimes it makes me wonder  
How I keep from goin' under, I'm chocolate thunder,  
Ruff as sin, cuts on ya skin  
And I blend with the tracks, see I'm black  
K-dee is the mack, matter fact  
Niggas hit me up with the see's and be 's  
But you don't want to fuck wit these  
'cause I'll put 'em on ya  
And we'll have to wake ya motherfuckin' ass up with ammonia  
'cause hardcore rap is always on the map and it don't stop  
Devoid of pop, and if I drop another smooth hit  
It'll still be hard, 'cause I helped start this shit,  
  
So make it ruff (now make it smooth!)  
Make it ruff! (make it smooth!!)  
Make it ruff! (make it smooth!!)  
Make it ruff  
  
(now, make it smooth.)  
Make it, make it ruff  
  
(now, make it smooth.)  
  
I hate when niggas get too fuckin' sexy on the track, I'm pro black.  
(well I'm a pro-mack.)  
I like hittin' switches.  
(i love hittin' bitches, 'cause I'm a player.)  
Hard rhyme sayer!  
(i thought you knew, but ain't no thing, you knew the way I swing,  
Creepin', ain't no sleepin', ain't a damn thing changed, I hit hoe after  
Hoe with this laid-back shit.)  
Fool, I kill at will and still can fade that shit, 'cause it's the  
Predator, I edit her, so nigga watch yo step!  
(you in a gang like star, tryina get a rep!)  
It ain't no sweat for me to buck buck nigga don't give a fuck, you  
Better duck duck or get your ass stuck stuck!  
(don't let the smooth shit fool ya, 'cause I can get it on, 'cause I be  
Breakin' bones like dragonfly Jones, quick to put em on ya.)  
Don't make me act a fool! nigga, make it ruff!  
(make it smooth!)  
  
Make it ruff  
Make it ruff (make it smooth)  
  
Make make it make it ruff  
make it ruff (make it smooth!)  
  
Make it ruff  
Ice cube's up in this motherfucker  
(k-dee's up in this motherfucker)  
  
Make it ruff (now make it smooth.)  
Make it ruff (now, make it smooth!)  
Make, make it ruff ruff  
Make, make it ruff (now make it smooth.)  
Make it ruff, ruff (now, make it smooth.)  
(now, now, make it smooth)  
(now, make it smooth)

