I'm a Very Important Person  
I park in the V.I.P  
And when I go to the bathroom,  
I go in the V.I.P toilet  
And when I wanna change a light bulb,  
I don't do it myself  
I have a technician  
Cause I'm a V.I.P  
I'm a V.I.P  
I'm a V.I.P  
I'm a V.I.P  
Now, as I began to become a V.I.P,  
I forgot what I've become a V.I.P for  
I began to grow accustomed to people saying  
"Right this way sir, drinks are on the house"  
Flight attendants on airplanes saying  
  
"Please, really, I don't wanna bother you sir, but it's such a pleasure to
have you on board.  
May I have your autograph for my daughter?"  
"Yeah baby right after I go to the toilet  
I I'll give you a couple of 'em  
Cause I'm a V.I.P!"  
  
Now,one thing about V.I.P is,is they never seem to be alone  
Oh no !  
The "true" V.I.P must travel with an entourage !  
People who say "Right on boss"  
Cause it's a V.I.P!  
Right on boss  
I'm a V.I.P!  
As I began to realize that I had gained V.I.P status,  
Worries began to creep in  
What if one day,I woke up,and I was no longer a V.I.P?  
No more good tables at the restaurants,  
No more strange women smiling and approaching me on the streets,  
No more top notch booty  
No more entourage to say "Right boss"  
I began to have nightmares  
And in my nightmares, I was just a fucking nobody.  
Laying at the beach, imagining myself being a VIP!  
Just like I was before,  
Hearing the applause in my head  
Beautiful warm embraces of superior members of the female gender  
  
V.I.P  
V.I.P  
  
Of course, when one becomes a V.I.P,  
One meets other V.I.Ps  
At social occasions,  
And one inevitably thinks,  
"thick! How shallow and crass these people are!  
They're not down to earth and real like me,  
Oh no! I'm a very special V.I.P"  
  
Another interesting phenomenon, associated with V.I.P celebrity hood,  
Is the "V.I.P reflection effect", during which anyone associated with the
V.I.P,  
Becomes a sort of V.I.P in their own right! Such as "son OF the V.I.P",  
"Guitar player FOR the V.I.P",  
"Girlfriend WITH the V.I.P",  
"Accountants of the V.I.P"  
The maid, the dog, the music publisher, huh!  
All enjoy a sort of 'reflected glory', as in  
  
"Hi this is Nastea  
I work for Iggy  
And I'd like 6 tables tonight in the V.I.P section  
And he needs passes for everyone  
And free drinks of course  
In the V.I.P area"  
Right on boss  
Cause I'm a V.I.P.  
It's also true that when one is a V.I.P, everybody's happy to see you, all the
time!  
And there's an implicit rule that a V.I.P must never, never  
Be on a barn.  
Cause everybody expects YOU to make their day  
And they're all be on to you if you're in a bad mood.  
They will "thck!tchk!tchk ! mur mur mur mur mur!",  
And you will find yourself with the wrong kind of attention:  
A "difficult" V.I.P.  
Psychologists tell us that a sense of self-esteem  
Is so necessary in today's world.  
As a V.I.P, I can guarantee you, you'll never be alone.  
You'll never be alone.  
Cause you're a V.I.P!

