(Chorus) With a BANG! Say goodbye to everythang  
Your complete anihilation is the reason he came  
And a POW! He's whipin everything out, turn your whole fuckin world into a
mushroom cloud  
And a BOOM! It's your inevitible doom, nobody escapes and everybody's consumed  
  
Welcome to the Dark Carnival super show, you're our specialy invited guests
and I'll tell you what fo'  
Cause you're the evilest pedophiles, rapists, and abusers  
All together we've got  
Fifty-thousand of you losers  
You're all about to witness an incredible sight  
Nobody's ever lived to tell about it  
And don't think you might  
It's about to rain flames,  
Frames, and brains  
To be blown into peices is the reason you came  
Racist bigots, wife beaters, judges, and cowards  
All crowded together expecting a show and some dollars  
But instead the shit you're gunna see  
You'll fear it in Hell  
It a constant explosion, see and feel it you shall  
  
(Chorus) (x1)  
  
In the deserts of Nevada  
Where nothin else matta,  
It's the perfect place for you and your intestines to splatta  
And while Bang! Pow! Boom! steady stomps you all out  
You're in the hole for the nuclear fall out  
With the snakes and fakes creapy sneaks  
Hooks and crooks and horney freaks  
Shaddy ladies evil ernies richy richs and charlie cheaps  
Bang! Pow! Boom! they say the show is the bomb  
I heard it's strait up explosive, some even call it napalm  
Nobody battles back, this ain't no kinda war  
It's a one way execution, blow you strait to hell through the floor  
What the fuck you think you here for? sound the alarm  
Ladies and gentleman eat shit and die, let's bring I'm out  
  
(Chorus) (x1)  
  
The air is thick with sick demented brains and thoughts,  
But here they are all together, every one of them caught  
This is a celibration, in fact the carnival's cheering  
It's not too often Bang! Pow! Boom! makes an aperence  
And the winds in the sky will carry away all the ash  
But for now let us enjoy, the big bang blast!  
  
(Chorus) (repeat until all fifty-thousand can be fit into one ashtray)

