Why? why do these questions come to mind  
When the answer is just so far away?  
The questions I ask myself everyday  
  
Why? Every time I reach for the sky, I can only reach so high, why?  
Why? Every time I headbutt a brick wall, I always crack my skull, why?  
Why? Every time I stab somebody, I'm always gettin' my clothes bloody, why?  
Why? Every time I drive down the wrong of the street, everybody want to beep,
why?  
Why? Every time I bunk and I sell rock, I wind up in a cell block, why?  
Why? Every time I shoot somebody in the face, pigs get to chase, why?  
Why? Every time I drink a little gasoline, I shit my spleen, why?  
Why? When I try to fly like a birdy  
I wind up on a gurdy, dead tell me why  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
Won't you tell me why? Someone tell me why?  
Jesus tell me why? I was born to fly  
  
Why? Every time I swallow a flat head nail, my neck feels stale, why?  
Why? Every time I contact dark spirits, they want to break my mirrors, why?  
Why? Every time I choke a friend's neck, he don't come back, why?  
Why? Every time I stab my eyes with an icepick, I can't see shit, why?  
Why? Every time I play chicken with a train, it wins the game, why?  
Why? Every time I wake the dead up, they try to eat my head up, why?  
Why? Every time I see my reflection, I see no direction, why?  
Why? Every time I order a taco, you want a bite motherfucka?  
Tell me why  
  
Chrous 2X  
  
(I admit I kind of screamed)  
  
Why? Every time I raise my arms in celebration, player hation, why?  
Why? Just cause I'm dead, decayed, and passed, you give me no ass, why?  
Why? Every time I chew on thumbtacks, I get blood on my snacks, why?  
Why? Every time I kick Faygos in the sky, you want to know why!why? why?  
Why? Every time an angel want to kiss me, it always seems to miss me, why?  
Why? why does Shangro La seem so far away, you better leave today  
  
(No matter why)  
  
[Chorus: x5]  
  
Tell me why, (you will tell me) why?  
Tell me why, (have to tell me) why?  
Tell me why, (you will tell me) why?  
Tell me why, let me ask you  
  
(No matter why)  
  
[Chorus: x2]

