Violent J:  
"And they wanted to know if I would trade 10 juggalos for a 100 main stream
fans And I said I wouldn't trade 10 juggalos for a 100, 000 mainstream fans 10
juggalos is priceless to me"  
Blaze Ya Dead Homie:  
I gots love for my homies, members of the Lotus  
United we stand, squashing all deadly forces  
Been to hell, could of spent eternity there  
All the bad shit I've done, I should still be there  
Juggalos can ya feel me, feel me, worldwide, worldwide  
Running with the hatchet straight out the Lotus Pod  
Always got your back till the end screaming juggalos  
Dark lotus, psychopathic that's the way you go  
Monoxide Child:  
So many people in the matrix die alone, hey  
Not me, my soul belongs to juggalos, they  
Keep me going when I'm down and out  
I pick the phone up drop them a line and here them shout  
Saying Twiztid is the shit, and I'm down with the clown  
Dark Lotus for life until I'm dead in the ground!  
I give a dap to all my homies and killaz who get it started  
All my juggalos always represent for the departed  
Chorus:  
Mass murder makes me happy!  
Dead bodies make me happy!  
Say what you will of me  
I'll always have juggalo family!  
Mass murder makes me happy!  
Dead bodies make me happy!  
Say what you will of me  
I'll always have juggalo family!  
Shaggy 2 Dope:  
6 individual pedals formed from 1 stem  
Who try to run away and not follow any trends, no friends  
Cause we accend from the dirt, filth, grit, and grime  
And combine Juggalo minds to crush Mason shrines  
What's yours is mine it was mines is yours  
Let the wagons of the Dark Carnival show you different worlds  
Any hoes front a juggalos or the hatchet  
Tell them to come suck on your dick, we psychopathic!  
Jamie Madrox:  
All my life I've been living it all alone  
I'm like a king with no people and no crown or a throne  
And what I'm speaking on is what I'm feeling like  
Do you know what it feels like to feel the warmth of the sunlight  
I'd really like to know cause I've been chilling in the dark  
For so many years that I question love in my heart  
And I hate everyone, and I hate everything  
Except for all the juggalos and the love that they bring!  
[Chorus:]  
Marz)  
Let me get your ear and make myself clear  
It's the L Family Juggalos right here  
You can take away my mic you can take away this life  
But this love we got ain't never gonna stop  
We eternal, pass the earthly bullshit  
Dogs on another level can you feel this  
It's Twisted, Blaze and icp,  
And if you're fuckin with my dogs then you D-I-E!  
Violent J:  
If it wasn't for Shaggy my shirt would still be baggy  
I wouldn't be fat, I'd still be hungry and crabby  
We used to buy our own records at the stores  
So they would think it's a hot seller, and order more  
But we built a team of same killers with the same dream  
But we couldn't reach the top, we'd stay B level like Charlie Sheen  
Finally realized we will always have the juggalos  
I'll never give another second, to them other hoes!  
(Chorus x3)  
Lotus!  
Lotus! Lotus! Lotus! Lotus!  
"And they wanted to know if I would trade 10 juggalos for a 100 main stream
fans And I said I wouldn't trade 10 juggalos for a 100, 000 mainstream fans 10
juggalos is priceless to me"  
(Chorus x2 repeats and fades out until song ends)

