Occasionally, the overwhelming temptation to reach  
The pinnacle of the pop music genre, will reduce even  
The most deplorable examples of the underground music scene  
To attempt to change their so-called artistic endeavors, in a  
Vain attempt to appeal to the public at large.  
Behold, the metamorphosis  
  
Uh, fuck platinum, platinum just ain't enough  
We need more money, more house and cars and stuff  
I'm sick of juggalos, I want them other hoes  
I want them shitty hoes, you get with radio and videos  
We'll do whatever it takes to get some air play  
We'll make that bounce shit, triple our sales and pay  
Yeah, come on Shaggy. What? Follow my lead. Let's go.  
It's time we change our shit up to get what we need. Come on.  
  
Uh, radio play!  
Yo! Yo! Come on and ride me, ride me,  
Pull! Pull! Come on and hide me, hide me,  
Cat black I'm gonna grow one, gold one,  
Club Cat You want them old ones, old ones,  
Black, black, ?  
Love me, I'm on the radio, radio,  
Cut, cut, We gonna throw it away, throw it away,  
Give up, Give us the radio play, radio play,  
  
What? Hey! What? What? What? Hey! What? What? What? Hey!  
What? Hey! What? What? What? Hey! What? What? What? Hey!  
  
We in this woodie, what!  
We seeing forty forty  
  
The pathetic attempts never cease.  
The moronic musical onslaught continues to insult  
The intelligence of the savvy consumer.  
How much more can an audience be asked to endure?  
  
Didn't work, ah fuck, what happened?  
They always told us that we sucked at rapping  
Well I don't know how to play a guitar  
I'll play the skin flute to be a radio star  
I'm sick of keeping it real, and underground  
I want the ten millions fans sellout radio sound  
Even though we'll be played next summer  
Show me a radio dick, and I'll show you a hummer  
Here we go, oh my god  
  
Joey fell in love with a college girl  
She had a backpack and a pony tail  
She said her name was Lisa but I do not know,  
She drinks disco lemonade and cherry jello  
I can put my Buddy Holly glasses on  
I can even sing one of these faggot songs  
I can play in checkered pants and never smile  
Whatever's cool for your radio show  
Tommy fell in love with a college  
  
The borish, bumbling buffoons are baffled in their journey  
Through the music business. Each sonnet is more ridiculous  
Than the last. Their strides towards musical success are  
Little more than a stumble into complete failure.  
  
That was bullshit. What the fuck? You think of something!  
I'm sitting here trying to write hits, your doing nothing  
You wrote the crump shit, but did it work? No.  
It flopped on its ass. At least I tried though.  
Alright, ain't no need to be fighting with each other  
We need to start talking about relationships and lovers. Why?  
Can you sing? No. Neither can I.  
If we're gonna be radio stars, we at least gotta try.  
  
Correction, remix, uh, remix, Clownboy, uh, feel me  
Touch me, Clownboy, remix, uh  
Girl, I gotta let you know, on radio  
I want to lick you from head to toe  
Girl, your perfume, it's smelling so sweet  
I want to make love, between the sheets  
Girl, play my song, when I'm on the phone long  
I'm a radio man, and I know that I can't sing, yes I can  
Give me one more chance, and I'll make you dance  
Girl, we make radio songs, for radio fans, we can't go wrong  
Girl, we make radio songs, for radio fans, we can't go wrong  
Girl, we make radio songs, for radio fans, we can't go wrong  
Girl, we make radio songs, for radio fans, we can't go wrong  
Girl, so you fucked my boy, I don't give a fuck  
  
After years of endless attempts,  
ICP received almost no radio play.  
Finally, the two dim witted idiots  
Decided to stay with the wicked shit for life.

