I'm sick of this bull shit  
All these bitches thinking they're the fuckin' whip just 'cause they got a
neden  
Fuck yer neden bitch!  
That's right an don't call me sexist 'cause I ain't sexist  
I'm the sexiest but I ain't sexist  
If I'm sexist then I'm the sexiest sexist  
Bitch call me sexy sex sexy sexist!  
  
I see you hoes on TV glamorous models super celebrities  
Rolls-Royce fine wines and class  
You need to come down to the hood let me spank dat ass  
I want a famous hoe,  
A bitch on top with some helly bank role,  
I been chasin' a girl from letters to Cleo  
But she broke her neato,  
Mariah Carey man forget it  
If O.D.B hit it I can't fuck wit it!  
Nothin' against ole dirty or nothin' but  
I know he at least got herpes or something  
I wouldn't mind fucking Brittany Spears  
In a cheap hotel with them ceiling mirrors  
Gimme that bitch, in a couple of weeks  
I'd have her hooked on crack rock workin' the streets  
All them hoes fantasize  
About juggalo scrubs in between they thighs,  
But they too scared to let it be  
So instead they fuck Ricky Martin  
And pretend its me!  
  
[Repeat: x2]  
Let a killer fuck you.  
Let a killer fuck you.  
Let a killer fuck you right!  
Let a killer fuck you.  
Let a killer fuck you.  
Never gone back in the night.  
  
Huh? Let's see where to begin  
Knock knock "who's there?"  
A ball sac for ya chin  
I be fuckin' them business hoes that jock  
From them interns up to the presidents wife  
Now Shelly ain't famous but I still put em in a bone through  
The glitzy glaze grabbin a j  
I don't give a fuck,  
But Clyde walked in his jaw dropped down  
Act like he never seen the butt cheeks of a clown  
I had the secretary on the top of the desk  
Ass hole naked, I was in the cigar chest  
Smokin up keepin blunts with the janitor  
Fuck all them hoes that jock ask my manager  
Business women in executive halls  
Let yo head down an tongue slap my balls  
Some of them bitches are a little bit old  
Dusty ass neden with a loopy foam  
Like this one chick I fucked in the dark  
I had the bitch moanin' like a happy ass retard,  
We finished turn on the lights it was horrid  
Oh shit Sharon Osbourne!  
  
[Repeat: x2]  
Let a killer fuck you.  
Let a killer fuck you.  
Let a killer fuck you right!  
Let a killer fuck you.  
Let a killer fuck you.  
Never gone back in the night.  
  
I wanna fuck Carmen Electra  
'cause she'll fuck anybody first day she met ya  
But as soon as she fall off the map  
She on to the next guy like "sigh" baby  
Let me fuck a famous hoe one night  
Ill post the video up on our web site  
Hey me an shaggy may might sit with the stars  
But my boyz are out back breakin into your cars  
Dumb hoes quit fuckin them richees  
Wit silky shirts on turtle neck dickeys  
Frenchies straight out the hair salon  
With a faggot ass name like Jean  
We the ones from the other side yellin'  
"clown love bitch "  
I'm the ghetto ride  
I won't take you on the expensive trip's  
But I'll part yo neden lips  
Hehhe people want to ride wit dem or us  
Jaguar with Ken or a simple bus  
Fuck you then we don't need you hoes  
I.C.P forever with the juggalos  
  
[Repeat: x4]  
Let a killer fuck you.  
Let a killer fuck you.  
Let a killer fuck you right!  
Let a killer fuck you.  
Let a killer fuck you.  
Never gone back in the night.  
  
I'm sick of this bull shit that's right you need to stay on TV  
Because this is my reality  
But I'm even sick of these hottys in the real world like at the beach  
I see you at the beach bitch wearing your thong bikini  
You one of those bitch beaches  
You're one of them beaches at the bitch  
Your one of them a you a bitch at the beach  
An I'm sick of that shit an the bottom line is this  
I'm a go to the motherfuckin' bitch with my motherfuckin' Speedo's on  
An I'm a walk up an down the beach like  
'Sup bitch? Ha ha ha bitch bitch ooh we're gonna have fun hehehe oh yes

