"This is a Channel 7 news brief because the news is happening now!  
Good evening Mort Perkins reporting. Our top story tonight: Police and  
investigators are still trying to figure out how and why somebody stole four
dead bodies from the  
Wayne County morgue late Monday night. Police say the apparent body thief
entered  
through the basement window but how they eluded the security and alarm system
is still a  
mystery. But what we at Channel 7 are wondering: What kinda sick FUCK would
steal four  
dead bodies anyway? Details at 11."  
  
Dead bodies, dead bodies all over the street.  
55-65, bodies at least.  
I hang with the stiffs till the break of dawn.  
I'm always finding bodies when I'm mowing the lawn.  
Drag 'em in the house, throw 'em in the oven.  
Wicked clown lovin' that dead body grubbin'.  
Tastes like chicken, finger lickin' deep fried.  
I ate a dead body, but don't tell. I lied.  
I just ate my first dead body last week,  
Still got the fingernail caught in my teeth.  
Before ya start yellin' and cursin' my name,  
Remember somethings wrong with my brain, insane.  
Second I was born, doctor threw me against the wall.  
Kicked open the doors and he whipped me down the hall.  
I'm sliding and I'm boucin' off shit like a hockey puck.  
And my mother's like, "What the fuck?!"  
He said I was born of an alien race.  
Born with a hatchet and a juggalo face.  
But I'm not a martian, you wouldn't understand.  
I'm just a dead body man.  
  
"We've got bodies! Dead bodies! We got fat ones, skinny ones, males, females,  
hermaphrodites! We got somebodies! We got nobodies! Bodies, bodies, bodies!  
WOO!"  
  
Dead bodies, dead bodies in the back of my van.  
All the little kiddies love the dead body man.  
I drive through my neighborhood ringin' my bell.  
Some people run cause they don't like the smell.  
Others line up just as quick as they can.  
To try to catch a glimpse of the dead body man.  
It's all good, if you can stand the funk. but uh.....  
Just don't look in the trunk.  
I drive down central kickin' the bass.  
Chillin' with my freaks and I'm pickin' her face.  
Maggots and bugs like to crawl on her head.  
Cause my bitch is dead, I'd rather that instead.  
I'm a hoe you can't trust, always diggin' a nut.  
A dead body bitch learned to keep her mouth shut.  
Riding in the back is my dead body crew.  
Only they can never think of nothin' to do.  
If you think I'm sick, take a look at yourself.  
You got dead deer heads up on your shelf.  
On your key chain is a little baby rabbit's hand.  
I'm just the dead body man.  
  
"We also collect dead bodies! So if you know any dead people,  
or you yourself are planning on dying soon,  
we'll be happy to come to your house and pay cash for it!  
We appreciate good, healthy, stiffs for our dinner! WAHOO!"  
  
Call me the dead body man (Some'll give 'em to me!)  
Call me the dead body man (Just sell 'em to me!)  
Call me the dead body man (You can mail 'em to me!)  
Call me the dead body man (But, Bring 'em to me!)  
  
Call me the dead body man (Won't ya give 'em to me!)  
Call me the dead body man (You can sell 'em to me!)  
Call me the dead body man (Just mail 'em to me!)  
Call me the dead body man (But, Bring 'em to me!)  
  
Call me the dead body man (Won't ya give 'em to me!)  
Call me the dead body man (You can sell 'em to me!)  
Call me the dead body man (Just mail 'em to me!)  
Call me the dead body man (But, Bring 'em to me!)  
  
Call me the dead body man.  
Call me the dead body man

