"Start tha movie."  
  
"I loved the old man. He had never wronged me. He had never given me insult.
For  
his gold I had no desire. I think it was his eye. Yes it was this. One of his
eyes  
resembled that of a vulture. A pale blue eye with a film over it. Whenever it
fell upon me my  
blood ran cold. And so by degrees very gradually I made up my mind to take the
life of  
the old man and thus rid myself of the eye forever."  
  
So I'm headed door to door  
With my grandmother's cookie jar.  
I'm sellin' cookies, 12 for a dollar.  
I ring the doorbell, nobody wants any.  
I resort to goin' cheaper - 2 for a penny.  
Anybody, everybody, they hate me.  
I can tell when they spit and degrade me.  
There's only one house left, the last on the block.  
Old Man Willie on the hilltop.  
I ring the doorbell, the door creeps open.  
And there it was starin' and scopin'.  
The man's left eye, red, big, and drippin'  
I was trippin'. "Ahh, seeya!"  
I ran home. I couldn't stop thinking  
About his eyeball winking and blinking.  
And it looked not a damn thing like the other. Ugh!  
Shoulda wore a patch on the motherfucker.  
It hypnotized me, mesmerized me.  
Traumatized, paralyzed, terrorized me.  
Creepers, where'd you get that ball?  
And tell me how it even fits in your skull.  
  
I want a big long knife to stick it in.  
I want to lift up the eyelid and kick it in.  
He's gotta die. I want his eye buried in my backyard.  
It ain't hard, I'm killin' Old Evil Eye!  
  
[Chorus]  
Evil eye...  
Oh-Oh-Eye (The bitch gon' die! Die-die-die-die-die-die-die)  
Evil eye...  
Oh Oh  
  
"Now this is the point. You fancy me mad. Madmen know nothing. But you  
should've seen me. You should have seen how wisely I proceeded with caution
with  
what  
foresight, with what patience I went to work. I was never kinder to the old
man  
than  
during the whole week before I killed him."  
  
A day gone pass since I heard about J.O.  
Met up in this sleigh, 'cause I don't fuckin' play.  
Anyway, I gotta do him in. Got a rusty revolver  
Put the silver bullets in.  
I'm plannin' on playin' one right to his nugget.  
Down my drawers with the bucket.  
It's time to go, fuck it.  
I stuck it up... to his neck when he came to the door.  
I really didn't know what I was in for.  
First the cold man stared, no a gaze, no a stare.  
Kinda like there was no one there.  
How weird, my body froze with the blink of his eye.  
Evil eye, sendin' chills up my spine.  
What to do? What to do? I gotta try to break.  
I gotta try to make.. my way to the gate.  
Wait. I can't move, I'm stuck to the ground.  
W-What the fuck was that? I think I heard a sound,  
Turned around, there it was, starin' at my face.  
This little old man's eye's a make me a mental case.  
That's when I felt the pain deep inside,  
Deep inside, now his eye's open wide.  
  
I want a big long knife to stick it in.  
I want to lift up the eyelid and kick it in.  
He's gotta die. I want his eye buried in my backyard.  
It ain't hard, I'm killin' Old Evil Eye!  
  
[Chorus]  
  
"That night it ceased. The old man was dead. I placed my hands on the heart
and  
there for many minutes there was no pulsation. He was stone dead. His eye will  
trouble me  
no longer. His eye will trouble me no longer."  
  
[Chorus: x4]

