Rude boy sittin pancaked on 23's  
Clown love to chicago juggalos  
We underground like blaze  
My dead homie  
And yours  
We dead  
We dead, no wait a minute, we don't die!  
We don't die  
We dead  
  
Maybe I like bloody, murder music, you know shit like " stab your fuckin eye"  
Maybe I like eatin shit like tylenol pm's 'cause 5 or 6 will get you high  
Maybe I like punchin people I don't even know, I knock em flat up fuckin out
(pah)  
Tuck some money in they jacket with a note that simply reads " I had to let
some anger out" (sorry)  
Maybe I only hang with weirdos, and hoodlums, and junkies, I keep em be my
side (what up)  
Maybe mam doesn't understand a friend is hard to come by, so I'll keep what I
can find (my boys)  
Maybe I got 2 felonies, tattoos on my neck and I always paint my face  
Can I still data your daugter? I mean I think I outta, I like the way she
taste  
  
Ain't yo bidness  
How I act!  
Ain't yo bidness  
Don't get slapped!  
Ain't yo concern  
What we do  
Less you want yo  
Face slapped too!  
  
Maybe I don't even like you, but I gotta front 'cause your a record label guy
(mother fucker)  
What if I dragged you by the hair, into the street, and beat your ass, and put
a boot up in your eye (puh! bitch!)  
Maybe I would rather fuck a missy elliot before a tony... "braxton"  
Maybe I would rather fuck a mecy grey before a janet... "jackson"  
Maybe I don't have no self esteem so I like to pick on everbody else  
Maybe when I was a boy, underneath my shirt I had bruises and welts "oh" (its
ok)  
Maybe I was hungry, bottom barrel poor, and my mom was always sick  
Maybe I'm lying, I'm just trying to find an excuse to be a dick, I'm a dick -
dick  
Maybe I'm upset that you left me, I'll ahng myself right above your bed " you
should try suicide"  
From the ceiling fan, so I'll be swingin when you walk I, I might kick you in
the head (stook!)  
Maybe I got seven therapists, I been committed, but manager he got me free
(double a yall)  
Is pills a day, I get so dizzy and high, sometimes I can't even see, (i gotta
sit down)  
  
Ain't yo bidness  
How I act!  
Ain't yo bidness  
Don't get slapped!  
Ain't yo concern  
What we do  
Less you want yo  
Face slapped too!

