I'm sweating again, I always do,  
I should probably take another pill or two  
In the mirror, I see the face of Frankenstein,  
And that face is mine  
I go to work at subway, slicing ham (chop chop)  
Cut my finger off again (ah damn!)  
I walk home, tryin' to dodge and hide from thugs,  
They like to beat on scrubs  
I go through this all the time though, I call,  
J, where the fuck you at?  
The mall,  
Did you get your ass stomped again?  
No, yes, ha ha, so?  
Nobody sees what I see, do they?  
They just cast me aside, put me away  
No friends, no style, no place to go,  
Til I went juggalo!  
  
Its all in you (everybody!)  
It's all for you (hey hey!)  
It's all in you (come on!)  
It's all that's left to do,  
That's why it's all in you (juggalos!)  
It's all for you  
It's all in you  
It's all that's left to do,  
That's why it's all in you (juggalos!)  
  
Look at me now man, brain dead,  
I could de-rail a fucking train with my forehead  
I now live by the carnival dominion,  
So mother fuck your opinion  
I'm a looney path,  
I kill pedestrians, families, neighbors, best of friends, anybody  
And if I don't kill them, I keep them in my basement and drill 'em dead  
Just kiddin', all I really did is unlock the forbidden  
I just let my fucking mind unwind,  
I don't care what you think, you don't inner-twine  
Fuck the world, fuck everybody in it,  
Even the sneaker pimps girl, I'd fuck her in a minute  
You can live to impress and dress fresh bitch,  
I don't care, fuck everybody out there!  
  
Riders, loonies, stalkers, fat mans, gangstas, nymphos, assholes,  
Crackheads  
  
I smoke peace pipes with Indian war chiefs  
I steal jewels with Chinese ninja thieves  
I dress whales like guppies and crush walls  
I throw giant ice bergs like snowballs  
I surf tidal wave, drink molten rock  
I'll put a fucking tornado in a headlock  
I'll go to Italy and straighten that tower  
Whatever the fuck I want, with the juggalo's power  
  
It's all in you (juggalos!)  
It's all for you (come on!)  
It's all in you (hey hey hey)  
It's all that's left to do,  
That's why it's all in you (hey hey)  
It's all for you (come on!)  
It's all in you (hey)  
It's all that's left to do thats why it's all in you  
Psychos, ex-convicts, cleptos, whinos, lions, strangla's  
  
Here I go again, another day,  
Dealing with these mother fucking idiots  
At subway.  
It's OK, cause now I see behind it and I keep myself  
Reminded.  
None of these nine to five robot puppets that I see are any better  
Than me, mother fucker! they just strugglin', in the world they choose.  
I'm waitin' on the wagons, with my juggalos.

