Its two A.M. I'm just gettin' in about to check my message,  
No one has called but my homies and some bill collectors.  
Cellular brings somebody wants to borrow money  
I two-way her she don't hit me back something is funny.  
So I called her mother's house and asked has she seen my baby.  
Roll my six around lookin' for that missing lady.  
Got back in turned the TV on and caught the news  
Then I put my hand on my head cause I'm so confused.  
And then I turned the TV down  
Cause I thought I heard a squicky sound,  
Somethings going on upstairs  
And I know nobody else lives here  
"bump bump bump" as I get closer to the stairways all I hear  
Then I hear my babies voice in my ear screamin out  
  
[Chorus]  
Your contagious, touch me baby give me what you got  
(and I heard an other man said) sexy lady drive me crazy, drive me wild  
(And I just can't believe this shit)  
  
I ran downstairs looked in the closet lookin' for that ooo,  
Said a prayer cause only God knows what I'm gonna do  
What I saw was enough to drive a Preacher wild  
I'm in the hall contemplatin' "not in my own damn house".  
Who would have thought she was creepin' wit another man?  
The down low happenin' to me all over again  
And then I turned the TV down  
Cause I know I heard a squicky sound,  
Something going on upstairs cause I know no one else lives here  
"bump bump bump" as I get closer to the stairways all I hear,  
Then I hear my babies voice in my ear screamin'  
  
[Chorus]  
  
What the hell is goin' on between the sheets in my home?  
Baby wait let me explain before you start to point your cain.  
Girl I'm bout to have a fit  
"oh its bout to be some shit!"  
How did I get in to this? Should have never came home with this bitch!  
Low down dirty woman, back to where you come from  
"but baby wait" but wait my ass  
Hit the streets your ass is grass!  
Now Mista Biggs before you done  
"Wait how you know my name son?"  
"Honey wait I was gonna tell ya"  
" Move this cat looks real familiar"  
Hmmm?!?! Now don't I know you from somewhere a long time ago?  
No no I don't think so.  
Yea yea, I feel I know you brother very well.  
No No you mistaken me for somebody else.  
"Frank" "SHUT UP!" Can't you see two men are talkin'?  
"But" Thought I told yo ass to get to walkin'!  
Now I think ya'll better leave this place,  
Cause I'm about to catch a case.  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Your contagious, touch me baby give me what you got  
Your contagious, touch me baby give me what you got  
Your contagious, touch me baby give me what you got  
Your contagious, touch me baby give me what you got

