Hey  
Cole World  
Yeah  
  
Yeah  
Everybody got a bad side, drop, let me see that shit  
What you say "Cole ain't hot,"  
What? Where you read that shit?  
You believe that shit?  
All cause some lame nigga tweet that shit?  
Have you seen my shows?  
Have you seen my hoes?  
If I wasn't hot would they be so thick?  
Guess not, got the game in a headlock  
I'm blasting that, I'm laughin' at you old niggas, Redd Foxx  
Don't mind me boy, I'm red hot, uh, nigga they not  
I'm over here, I'm over there, I'm everywhere, they not  
You never play me, nice try, balling in a nice spot  
No more Mr. Nice Guy, hello Mr. Nice Watch  
You don't want no problems, put yourself in a tight spot  
So, you can look, but don't touch,  
I stay on my toes like the White Sox  
  
[Chorus]  
It cost me a lot, my chain and my watch  
They say time is money but really it's not  
If we ever go broke girl, then time is all we got  
And you can't make that back, no you can't make that back  
So let's ball while we here, let's ball while we here  
Like ain't no tomorrow, like ain't no next year  
Drink away all our problems, make it rain with no care  
Like I make that back, fuck it I make that back  
Nice watch, nice watch, nice watch  
No more Mr. Nice Guy, hello Mr. Nice Watch  
  
Stack on black, I ain't never been a high-roller  
Now it's racks on racks, never thought that I would ride Rover  
But I'm back on track, add to the fact that I never really drive sober  
Cole World but I'm hot as shit, do that mean that I'm bipolar?  
Young, black and gifted, I rap like it's Christmas Eve  
Coach wouldn't let a nigga off the bench, no wonder why I didn't quit the team  
I'm cut from a different sleeve, Cole World 'til our wrists are freeze  
Hurry up with your pictures please, I gotta make history  
  
[Chorus]  
  
I got a Hublot, I call it Tebow,  
I strap that bitch with a gator band  
Y'all niggas ball half-time,  
Y'all niggas like the Gator band  
Y'all niggas need a time out,  
Who got these niggas all wound up?  
Cocksucker, I'm seven thirty,  
Y'all know where y'all niggas gonna wind up?  
No more Mr. Nice Guy, hello Mr. Nice Watch  
Only but a matter of time 'fore I hit yall niggas with a nice shot  
Y'all niggas betta not call the law, get no blood on my Audemar  
Meaning y'all better not waste my time  
When y'all ready I take you all to war  
Meanwhile I'm just chopping off doors  
Put the front on the back, cause I'm back and forth  
Put the front on the back of the 'bach like a boss  
So I'm fronting on niggas when I'm backing off  
What up, Cole?  
It's your time, let's these niggas know  
Adjust your Rollie on these motherfucking hoes,  
Whenever you ready, go  
  
It cost me a lot (oh yeah)  
My chain and my watch (oh yeah)  
(Oh yeah, nice watch)  
If we ever go broke girl, then time is all we got (oh yeah)  
(Oh yea, nice watch)

