Cold world, cold blooded  
Trapping niggers at my shows and the hoes love it  
Back packing niggers with the air froze level  
So don't holler at a niggaare if you got no budget  
Trying to get my bread up, no, not talking... Rolls  
Trying to get my grades up, oh, look how my score rows  
Playing till she hit she says, good, make more though  
Cole god delivery bitch you got the...  
Ain't fucking with me cause I'm realest shit,  
Well if you feel the shit, here goes some realer shit  
I signed a big deal and went to the dealership  
Man they took one look at my credit and said forget it  
Now I'm on this train with a millie to my name  
Ain't shit changed cause I still feel the pain  
Like a gym or a rim... Built for the game  
Something like a pimp cause I'm still in the game  
A little drug dealer... What  
I can't try, these niggers out here lying  
Why can't I?  
Flash backs when my teacher told me I can't fly  
Dealer... A niggaare crazy just cause I say why  
Now look no wings but I'm flier than the birds  
Cosign on the beamer but it's whiter than the burbs  
Something like a genius but man I didn't been a nerd  
Just to tutor bad bitches while... In the...  
That might have been a... That might have been a...  
But I'm just trying to find what you're hiding in that skirt  
And cole got her coming out he might have been her first  
So she only fuck with him like a choir in the church, good god  
Mama told me get a good job  
Be a doctor or a lawyer if you...  
Well niggaare I'ma show ya  
This that jessie jackson,... Action... I'm taxing up  
Don't let the cover fool you bitch I ain't no freshman  
In my own class man I write my own passes  
I hear the shots fired yeah I see the stones casted  
My shit is already fired, don't gas it  
Niggaare say my album it sound like a classic  
Niggaare say your album might not even see the plastic  
Bastard, how you gonna match with a niggaare who...  
The shit that you gonna practice, cast this  
A... Niggaare to the day of my casket  
Put on for my city like my favorite jacket  
Man you gone away that every god damn night  
Know that I pay for this shit  
That you got damn right, niggaare

