I went looking for you I went...  
I went... around I went...  
I want... sipping around I went thirsty  
But I got a thank for you, I got a thank for you  
You only... in this damn show working  
Say she ain't a... but she far from a virgin  
And when it's time to cut up something like a surgeon  
I do my thing for you hey baby do you got a... put you in valley  
When you stretching the command... in valley  
If I'm sliding through your city I need you to...  
And how much money to smoke money...  
I can take it to the... you can live... my phone as long as you...  
... we can do this all day just me and you off in my room...  
  
Chorus:  
I put it down and it rock this city let the bad girls run the town  
So pick up the cell phone and tell the front, tell the front  
I put it down and it spark and say it that I'm...  
Let the bad girl run the town and my niggas blow trees like the wind  
So tell the front... the front  
Bring em in, bring em in, bring em in, bring em in  
If they all bad we can bring em in  
And take it to the... is just you, me and em  
  
Now bring the... is over here  
My nigga try to take you home like a souvenir  
One in a million girl you're looking like you knew a...  
And I got a thank for you, I got a thank for you  
... you flew the... cause your fly's here shawty walk it through the air  
Gang call like a toes on a polo bear and I do my thing for you  
Now baby girl it looks... catching bodies...  
When I'm starting through your city...  
Then you put that thing upon me like you try to ride me  
Then I hit that in the morning why you wanna...  
Got you sweating now you kick it what is it a...  
We can do this all day... but if I tell you... the step like you time make my  
  
Chorus:  
I put it down and it rock this city let the bad girls run the town  
So pick up the cell phone and tell the front, tell the front  
I put it down and it spark and say it that I'm...  
Let the bad girl run the town and my niggas blow trees like the wind  
So tell the front... the front  
Bring em in, bring em in, bring em in, bring em in  
If they all bad we can bring em in  
And take it to the... is just you, me and em  
  
Then I meet you for a reason or for season up  
Or either the night your life the... I give you a few more reasons  
Whisper to your home girl you love call world 'cause it's flow third  
I can give you a few more reasons not because it's first or cause I can buy  
Your purse  
You know the type of shit you... can only... on the first  
And not because it fake... an footballs I got these girls lip gloss all of  
My...  
Because I'm so clever better than... ever  
The coldest evil nigga wherever... like foe sweaters  
We're first we're rehearsed they go get it  
These bro nigags got good dresses than no...  
You would think niggas would no better is ever think niggas would flow  
Better  
I know you're so fed up so I had to blow it and I ain't talking... I won't  
Let up  
  
[Chorus:]

