Yea, n-gga  
I'm gon ahead and murder this sh-t  
Voice gone and sh-t, I think it's gonna make it sound a little ill, just a
little iller  
Yup, Fayettenam, n-gga  
  
Yea, Carolina blue kicks pedal to the medal  
Feeling like a puppet and the devil is Geppetto  
Letter to the ghetto-hold ya head high  
You can pick apart my raps I ain't told ya na' lie  
I want a little darker, like to f-cking tan line  
Go on, look for a better n-gga, girl you can't find  
Fine young man with an old man mind,  
No time for the tickle, f-ck the whole mankind  
Aw no ma'am, I'm an old land mine  
I been waiting to blow up for a long damn time, now I'm armed and I'm-  
Fayettenam's finest, Carolina saviour, marijuana blazer  
Only on occasion cause my mind be racing  
Lost in my thoughts so my eyes be Asian  
Thinking how these rap n-ggas got to be faking  
Whole style obviously copied, pasted-plagiarized swag  
May arrived last but when it's all said and done I'ma be ahead of them  
Way that I describe it, prescribe a n-gga medicine  
Way that I be fly-I be higher than the Jet-e-sons  
Moving on up, n-gga higher than the Jeffersons  
All about the Benjamin's, bad chicks send em' in!  
Basic hoes toss em out! Can't even get waffle house  
Hating n-ggas chalk em out! Go and get the coffin out  
What chu talking bout?  
Little man, my sh-t hair burning you not even a little tan  
I'm I'll enough to kill cancer, baby I'm Chemo  
Down in Miami, and I throw like Marino  
Get a whole lot of you know, and she bald like an eagle.  
No, not up top, but down there  
She said she want to hop on top girl I don't care  
You better get yours before I reach mines cause then I'm throwing peace signs  
If you a freak I can take you to ya peak, girl I do it to the maxima-Nissan  
And I hope you a believer  
I'm quarterbacking trynna get cha open like receivers  
Far from an overnight achievers, Cole is like the leader of the new n-ggas!  
To tell the truth, I'm only f-cking with a few n-ggas, if that!  
The rest of ya'll n-ggas get lapped  
I sit back, and reflect on the rap game I came from out of no where  
N-gga, I swear them lames ain't know how to prepare  
Got n-ggas shouting out "The Ville-I got to go there! "  
Boy, don't you know you get shot over there?  
I say my prayers cause this life ain't fair,  
A bunch of backstabbing n-ggas hope the knife ain't there  
A bunch of temptation facing when your wife ain't there  
Yea late at night, when I got the phone call and made her right  
When my crib was straight ahead, shorty gave me head, hit it then I quit it
'fore she even made the bed  
Damn I'm no good  
But damn it's so good  
I'm picturing that body like a camera phone would  
Something like Rihanna while I'm up in that vagina  
Type of chick that only dress in something that's designer  
I could give a f-ck long as there's something that's behind her  
Got the type of bump that make a dog want to hump her  
Back to the topic-actually forgot it  
Hoes, money, I'm the shit... Oh yea I'm reminded  
The way I put the words together cleverly align them  
These other rap n-ggas shouldn't never be a problem  
And I'm ghost

