We got one more song, uh, it's called Love Is Like a Ball and Chain  
Sittin' down by my window,  
Just lookin' on at the rain.  
Mm, sittin' down by my window,  
Just lookin' on at the rain.  
Somethin' came along, honey, grabbed a hold of me,  
An' it felt like a ball and chain.  
Yeah! Alright!  
And I said, oh, whoa, whoa, hon, tell me why,  
Why does every thing go, go wrong?  
I said hon it all go wrong, I wanna know! I wanna know!  
And I said, oh, whoa, whoa, honey, tell me why,  
Why does every thing go wrong?  
I said babe it all go wrong, yeah.  
Know, here you gone today, hon, I want to love you,  
Babe, I want to love you for so long.  
Yeah! Alright!  
Love got a hold on me, baby,  
And it feels like a ball and chain.  
Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, love got a hold on me, baby,  
Feels like a ball and chain.  
Honey, I don't know why the man I'm lovin'  
Wanna go and leave me here, said wanna leave me here in so much pain.  
Alright, there's one more thing I'm gonna ask you, yeah!  
And I said, oh, whoa, babe, tell me why,  
Honey, tell me why, hon tell, tell me why,  
I said baby why, baby why, why, Lord, yeah!  
And I said, oh, whoa, whoa, baby, tell me why,  
Oh tell me, when I ask you, I want to know why,  
Now baby, lordy baby!  
Here you gone today,  
I want to love you, love you, love you,  
Till the day I die.  
Alright, yeah!!!!  
And I said oh, whoa, whoa, hon  
It ain't fair, it ain't fair, hon what you do,  
I say baby what you're doin' to me, no, no, no, no, no, no.  
And I said oh, whoa, whoa, honey, it ain't fair,  
Darling, it ain't fair what you do.  
Darling, I tried to tell ya!  
You went and you broke my heart, honey and it did not  
You know I said it did not belong to you.  
I want everybody, yeah!  
Come on! Hey!  
Sittin' down by my window,  
Just lookin' on at the rain, peep at the rain, Lord.  
Sittin' down by my window,  
Just lookin' on at the rain. [Chuckles]  
Somethin' came along, honey, grabbed a hold of me,  
And it felt like a ball and chain.  
Alright, everybody come for the last time, yeah!  
And I said oh, whoa, whoa, hon  
This can't be,  
No, this can't be in vain,  
Darling, I said no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no! Yeah!  
And I said oh whoa, whoa, baby, this can't be  
Oh b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-ba-ba-ba-baby not in vain,  
Darling no no, I said darling no no, yeah!  
And I hope there's someone who could tell me, come on,  
Tell me why, oh tell me why  
Oh baby tell me why love  
Oh honey, why love is like  
Well, it's like a ball  
And  
And a chain.

