Oh, the last time that I saw you  
You know you didn't say a word.  
And I knew, honey as I looked into your eyes  
My feelings, Lord, they'd never been heard.  
Well, I'm talkin' to you about love,  
Did you hear me ? I said love.  
Hey, because it's got to be such a long, long, long way  
From denyin', from denyin'.  
  
And I say you don't say no, no, no, to me no more.  
And I believed in you all the time,  
Honey, until I found out you know that I was so wrong.  
I wanted to try and build a life with you,  
Lord I should've known it, I guess I should've known it all along.  
Oh, let me hold you just once  
Honey I'll ask you just once more  
Because it's got to be such a long, long way from cryin'  
And I been cryin'  
And I got tears in my eyes  
But don't you know when you love somebody, have some pressures  
There can never, never, never be any secret,  
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.  
  
You gonna have to pay your dues  
And sometimes, honey, sometimes you know you're bound to lose.  
Yeah, but that's the way  
You're gonna learn, learn, learn to love people, yeah.  
  
Oh God, I wish I could explain it myself,  
'Cause I know that it's my fault, dear.  
It's so easy to hurt you, darling,  
It's so hard, I guess it's hard not to do.  
And I know that you showed me a new life  
And you'll always, and you'll always be my friend.  
Baby, I don't think that I can keep from cryin'  
And I'll be tryin' and I been cryin' for you, babe,  
Yes I have now.  
  
Well, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me  
What would I do without you child ?  
I'm afraid I can't say  
But I hope honey that when you remember,  
Lord, it'll be, it'll be such a sunny day  
Now, now, now, now, good-bye,  
And I'll see you sometime  
And don't be worried, everything's just fine.  
Baby I don't think  
That I can keep from dyin'  
And I've been dyin'.  
  
I said now every day I got a little bit, babe,  
I say now every day I lose me someone in my heart,  
I've been lonely, lonely, look around, baby,  
I said now I gotta gotta gotta want it, gotta need it, 'cause I  
Keep my baby, baby  
Talk about my baby  
Hear me baby, baby  
Whoa yeah, my baby  
  
I hate to leave you, baby,  
I hate to leave you, darling  
I'll never hurt you, babe  
Hurt me too, You know I  
Gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta  
Whoa yeah, I gotta  
I gotta leave you, baby, I can't help myself  
I gotta leave you, baby, I can't help myself  
Whoaa, Lord, Lord Lord Lord!!  
Whoaa, Lord, Lord Lord Lord!!

