Make it the last time, make it the last time  
Make it the last time, oh darling please.  
But I don't understand why you always pick the time  
When I've just talked to you with your love on my mind.  
To see a distant light, to hear a far-off horn  
To leave me one more time, I can't stand no more  
Say no more, well no more,  
Well no more, darling, please.  
And every time you leave I make the very same vow  
That when you come back I ain't gonna love you no how.  
But when you return you look so fine to me  
I can't stand no more, my darling, it's just got to be  
I said the last time, oh the last time,  
Oh the last time, darling, please.  
Don't you understand me, don't you understand me ?  
Honey, don't you understand my word ?  
Well, you told me that you love me, I believed you, darling,  
But you lied, you know it's true.  
Hold on to my heart, I'll believe it till you're leaving  
Then I'll cry.  
Oh darling, oh darling,  
Oh darling, make up your mind  
Oh, I can't stand your loving, honey, it's tearing me apart,  
You done got my soul, but now you're after my heart.  
Well, don't hurt me, darling, now you know how to do it so well  
I just got one consolation, I just wail  
It was the last time  
It was the last time  
It was the last time, darling, please.  
When you told me that you love me I believed you, darling,  
But you lied, you know it's true.  
Hold on to my heart, I'll believe it till you're leaving  
Then I'll cry.  
Well no more, well no more,  
Well no more without you, please!  
If you wanna love me, honey, please stay home,  
If you don't wanna love me, baby, please stay gone.  
Don't you understand me, don't you understand me ?  
Don't you understand my words ?  
Say no more, oh no more,  
Well no more, oh, darling, oh!  
You told me that you love me I believed you, darling,  
But you lied, you know it's true.  
Hold on to my heart, I'll believe it till you're leaving  
Then I'll cry, yeah.

