Call me baby, make sure I'm home.  
  
I did not hear that call last night  
I didn't hear that call you might have made.  
  
Everytime you go away, I think you've gone away to stay  
And I sit down  
And I commit myself to a deepest despair  
Everytime you move around, I think about moving  
Running away, making running repairs.  
  
Everytime you run around, I think about another time  
I think about moving  
But then again just where  
Everytime I go away, I think you've gone away to stay  
I think about it, and I cry baby, cry baby, I cry baby.  
  
Because if you don't call me, then I can't call you  
If you don't call me, then I can't call you, don't know the number  
If you don't call me, then I can't call you  
If you don't call me, tell me, what can I do.  
  
Cause if you took a little time to think  
You'd know, I know you'd know  
I will always be there by your right hand  
And if you took a little time to think about it  
You'd know  
That I will always be there, will always try to understand.  
  
Don't call me, can't call you  
If you don't call me, I can't call you, I haven't got the number  
Call me baby, or I can't call you  
Tell me love of my life, what can I do.  
  
Everytime you go away, I feel you've gone away to stay  
I sit on down and feel so scared baby, scared baby, scared baby  
Everytime you run around, I think about another town  
I think about moving, making some running repairs.  
  
But if you don't call me, then I can't call you  
If you don't call me, what am I going to do, darling  
If you don't call me, I can't call you, don't have the number  
You know that I can't call.  
  
Any time you care to call my name, I will be waiting  
Any time you care to call my name, I'll be there, baby  
Baby baby, when you call I might be sitting by the phone  
I might be on the bedside.  
  
Any time you care to make a call, make sure I'm in  
Make sure I'm home, make sure I'm home  
Any time you care to use that telephone ring  
Let that telephone ring, let it ring down  
Let it ring down, like bells from heaven  
Let that telephone ring, let it make that call.  
  
Let that telephone ring, make sure I'm at home  
Make sure I'm home when that telephone rings.  
Cos if you don't call, I'll do the same to you, baby as you do to me  
I won't call you, you won't know my number  
I've had enough of this, darling don't call or I won't call you.  
  
  

