[Black Eyed Peas]  
What's wrong with the world, Mama?  
People livin' like they ain't got no mamas.  
I think the whole world is addicted to the drama,  
Only attracted to things that bring the trauma.  
Overseas, yea, we trying to stop terrorism,  
But we still got terrorists here livin'  
In the usa, the big cia, the blood through the cripts of the kkk.  
But if you only have love for your own race,  
Then you only leave space to discriminate,  
And to disciminate only generates hate,  
And when you hate you're bound to get irate.  
Madness is what you demonstrate,  
And that's exacly how Enga works and operates.  
Man, ya gotta have love to set it straight.  
Take control of your mind and meditate.  
Let your soul gravitate to the love, ya'll.  
  
[Chorus - Justin Timberlake]  
People killin', people dyin'.  
Children hurtin', you here them cryin'.  
Can you practice what you preach,  
And would you turn the other cheek?  
Father, Father, Father, help us.  
Send some guidence from above.  
These people got me, got me, questionin'  
Where is the love?  
(where is the love,  
Where is the love,  
Where is the love,  
The love, the love)  
  
[Black Eyed Peas]  
It just ain't the same.  
Always have changed,  
New days are strange.  
Is the world the same?  
If love and peace is so strong,  
Why would pieces of love that don't belong?  
Nation's dropping bombs,  
Chemical gases filling lungs of little ones,  
With ongoing suffering as the youth die young.  
So, ask yourself, is the lovin' really caused,  
So I can ask myself really what is going wrong  
In this world that we livin' in.  
People keep on givin' in,  
Makin' wrong decisions,  
Only visions of a different end.  
Now we respectin' each other  
And I've my brother.  
A war's going on,  
But the reason's undercover.  
The truth is kept secret  
And swept under the rug  
If you never know the truth,  
Then you never know love.  
Where's the love ya'll (I don't really know)  
Where's the truth ya'll (I don't really know)  
  
[Chorus:]  
  
I feel the weight of the world on my shoulder.  
As I'm gettin older ya'll people gets colder.  
Most of us only care about money-makin.  
Selfishness got us followin' the wrong direction.  
Wrong information always shown by the media,  
Negative images is the main criteria.  
Infecting the young minds faster than bacteria.  
Kids wanna act like what they see in the cinemas.  
  
What ever happened to the values of humanity?  
What ever happened to the fairness and equality?  
Instead of spreading love, we're spreadin' anamosity.  
Lack of understanding leading us away from unity.  
That's the reason why sometimes I'm feeling under.  
That's the reason why sometimes I'm feeling down.  
There's no wonder why sometimes I'm feeling under.  
Gotta keep my faith alive till love is found.  
  
[Chorus:]

