Oh oh for you I'd write a symphony!  
I'd tell the violins  
It's time to sink or swim  
March and play for ya!  
  
For you I'd be, whoa  
Running a thousand miles to get to where you are  
Step to the beat of my heart.  
I don't need a whole lot but coming from you I admit I  
Rather give you the world or we can share mine!  
I know that I won't be the first one given you all this attention, baby listen  
  
I just need somebody to love  
I-I, I don't need too much just need somebody to love (Somebody to love)  
I don't need nothing else, I promise girl I swear.  
I just need somebody to love.  
  
(I need somebody I-I need somebody  
I need somebody I-I need somebody)  
  
Everyday I bring the sun around,  
I sweep away the clouds.  
Smile for me (Smile for me)  
  
I would take, every second, every single time  
Spend it like my last dime, step to the beat of my heart.  
  
I don't need a whole lot but coming from you I admit I  
I'd rather give you the world or we can share mine!  
  
I know I won't be the first one,  
Given you all this attention baby listen!  
  
I just need somebody to love I-I I don't need too much  
Just need somebody to love. (just need somebody to love)  
I don't need nothing else, I promise girl I swear.  
I just need somebody to love.  
  
I need somebody, I-I need somebody,  
I need somebody, I-I need somebody.  
I need somebody, I-I need somebody,  
I need somebody, I-I need somebody. (Somebody to love, somebody to love.)  
I just need somebody to love.  
  
And you can have it all, anything you want.  
I can bring you, give you, the finer things yeah!  
  
But what I really want, I can't find 'cause,  
Money can't find me somebody to love.  
  
Oh whoa, find me somebody to love ooh  
  
I need somebody to love, I-I don't need too much  
Just somebody to love, somebody to love,  
I don't need nothing else,  
I promise girl I swear, I just need somebody to love.  
  
I need somebody, I-I need somebody,  
I need somebody, I-I need somebody somebody to love  
I need somebody, I-I need somebody,  
I need somebody, (I swear I just need somebody to love) I-I need somebody to
love  
  
(I need somebody)  
  
Is she out there, is she out there, is she out there!  
I just need somebody to love.

