(Kanye)  
Yeah, Ok.  
Ay Yo, y'all niggas poppin willy shit,  
Lets see who really rich,  
Ya'll ride the beat,  
I'ma bout to pop a wheelie bitch,  
Really this, I came up with on some silly shit,  
Look how good it is,  
That show you who you dealing with,  
Ya'll illy, I'm Iller, I'm from Illinois,  
The big sean, why don't you call your chi town boys,  
Show me where they at,  
I will destroy,  
I'm bout to fuck somethin up,  
I might as well call the lawyer,  
Good music run this bitch,  
Yes we do,  
I know you thinkin "damn I wish Ye would bless me too"  
In the booth I use the restroom  
It's best you, Go ahead and kiss the jesus piece Cuz I just blessed you,  
Uhh, And holy water odds against Ye  
It's slaughter ever since the day I opened up that midnight marauders  
Now it's gon be a problem like a brand new installment  
From the late great Mr. Christohper Wallace,  
They call us pompus,  
Can I be honest? Honestly, Modesty wasn't ever in my policy,  
Apology accepted, you aint say it? Shoulda said it,  
As soon as I did, all the Bullshit was deaded.  
Get it?  
  
(Big Sean)  
Yup, Yup I get it,  
Good music bitch, Aint nobody fuckin wit it,  
And Nah, nah they can't really do it how we did it,  
It's good music bitch, Aint nobody fuckin wit it,  
B. I. G. Is, gee wiz, he is sure he would be the man ever since a fetus,  
I know us niggas prayin um down fallin weak shit,  
But I'm never goin down here,  
Even on ski trips,  
I am the d,  
Come and make an observation  
And it seem like the murder rate is higher than the population,  
Damn, I bet you just as sweet as you look bitch,  
You are just bushwick, I'm 8 foot 6,  
I'm so up up on it like insomniacs,  
Good music man Ye where he find me at,  
I'm so dominant, I'm so confident  
That Ima get a compliment on any fuckin continent from  
Freaks that's fine is shit without this designer shit,  
Big business, respect my conglomerance,  
Girls get check, but my bank get check more,  
Whenever niggas check up, I'm who they check for, or have a check for,  
Loui V shit so much domnier print fuck around and play checkers,  
And these rappers get critical damages,  
But I rap to good it's no need for bandages,  
You the man in your city, Cool.  
When I'm out performin? Right after you,  
I'm sorry but you gone be ranked right afta two,  
Cuz I'm first place,  
And second is my crew,  
So move, bitch.

