Til the casket drops  
Third times a charm right?  
Ha ha, come on!  
  
I'm kinda like a big deal  
It's unbelievable you see my warning gives you big chills  
The flow runnin' on Big's heels  
My life after death, Big ain't get to see how this feels!  
Third time's a charm baby  
After two classics another stripe up on my arm baby  
It's a blessin' to blow a hundred thou' in a recession  
With no second guessin'  
Ha ha we're ballin, drop tops we're floorin'  
Champagne we're pourin'  
Re-up is the gang and I'm all in!  
To the powder and the flame I have fallin'  
Get money, blow money is my callin'  
Yugch! Watch a nigga burn through it  
Life's a maze, you twist and you turn through it  
The driest of droughts, maneuvered and I earned through it  
I'm set straight like a perm do it, Push!  
  
They whisperin' about us  
I know you haters doubt us  
How you count our money we ain't even finish countin'  
Pardon me I must say, I'm kinda like a big deal  
  
Ay yo I'm sittin' on top of the  
It's more than a feeling ain't it?  
I be killin' damn it, I'm illin' I'm illin'  
Eh eh eh meet Mr. Popular  
Go get your binoculars  
And see Penthouse 3 where a nigga be  
Spittin' fire on the P-J in my P-J's  
Fire Marshall said I took it to the Max like T-J  
Y'all ain't peep? I said Marshall's we play  
I guess I'm like the Black Marshall meets Jay  
Meet Ye' alligator souffle, had it made  
Special Ed got head from a girl in Special Ed  
Ya know the pretty ones in that dumb class  
But she got that dumb ass  
Hit high school and got pregnant dumb fast  
What happen Tisha, your boyfriend cum fast?  
Turn around gimme pound like we folks  
Hell no I went raw dog three strokes  
  
They whisperin' about us  
I know you haters doubt us  
How you count our money we ain't even finish countin'  
Pardon me I must say, I'm kinda like a big deal  
  
Lights, cameras, action!  
The chain itself's a damn distraction!  
You claim the belt, the glory I bask in  
I bee hop in the ring, niggas ya cash in  
It's like stoppin' a train,  
Nigga think he's stoppin' my reign  
Talk slick while droppin' my name?  
I'm puttin' y'all to shame, diamonds in the little hand  
50 percent splits I ex out the middle man  
A far cry from a stash in the rental van  
I'm the reason the hood need a dental plan  
Ladies and gentle-man, introducin'  
The C-4-S with the rims protrudin'  
The roof vamoose, like a magic show  
Got me lookin' to the heavens like a javelin throw  
Y'all twiddle your thumbs like the average Joe  
But just as you reap, so shall you so  
  
They whisperin' about us  
I know you haters doubt us  
How you count our money we ain't even finish countin'  
Pardon me I must say, I'm kinda like a big deal

