I grew up a herding cattle, I got more rhymes than Harold one in Seattle. You  
Want to battle with the Rock quick front, I'll spit on your ass and tell you  
That you ain't nothin'. Grab your honey and your beer and I'll break south,  
Take all of your money and tell you get the hell out. I'll put your head out  
This is my night how you gonna snap with Rock when I got the mic?  
  
I shot the sheriff and the deputy too, paid off the feds, now it's all ?bout  
My crew, whatcha hoes want to do? One at a time or all at once I'll still roll  
Through your whole crew. Like a southbound trucker, hauls motherfuckers,  
Motherfuckers takes the law,and when you step with your anger, I'm like the  
Robot from Lost In Space: "Danger"  
  
I'll give you a warning but if you don't take it I'll put my arm around your  
Neck like we're cool then I'll break it. It's all real cop a feel here's the  
Deal when I say clap your hands like a seal. Or better yet give respect where  
It's earned, you'll eat me up and I'm like a hot pepper and you might get  
Burned, you took a turn for the worse, walked up in my face, rolled away in a  
Hearse. Now how you gonna front all night?, Kid Rock's in the house that's  
Where I'm at...  
  
Where you at Rock? Where you At? Over here, to the rear with your girl and the  
40s of beer  
  
Where you At Rock? Where you At? Over there with the bad attitude ?cuz I just  
Don't care  
  
Where you At Rock? Where you At? Uh  
  
Where you At Rock? Where you At? 1,2 and you don't stop, 3,4 and you don't
quit,  
1,2 and you don't stop  
  
From the depths of hell to God's right hand side I'm what's left of the  
Getting paid self-made pride. I step in stride, I'm raw as cowhide, my first  
LP is still selling that ain't no jive, am I the chosen one? Some people  
Ain't getting where I'm comin' from, or where I'm going to stand back, Kid  
Rock's in the house that's where I'm at?  
  
Where you At Rock? Where you At? Over here, to the rear with your girl and the  
40s of beer  
  
Where you At Rock? Where you At? Over there with the bad attitude ?cuz I just  
Don't care  
  
Where you At Rock? Where you At? Uh, uh  
  
Where you At Rock? Where you At? Rock the house y'all  
  
Come on  
  
And I be the long-haired wizard with the lazy-eye, as all the ladies will  
Tell you that I'm crazy fly, I'll step to the mic like a solider bro, I hate  
To sound like a dick but I told you so, ho, old crow and a soul full of  
Desperation, I'm rockin' on the mic with no consideration for your church or  
Your family, [unknown] couldn't stand me, so she banned me. I'm like a dandy-
lion  
  
Jack, you can cut me down and then I'll pop right back, like a tack from the  
Back like a great white, I'm not down with the scappin' but I'm down for the  
Gunfight, behind my back talking shit, but when I front your ass you want to  
Act like a little bitch, keep on and get your ass smacked, Kid Rock's in the  
House that's where I'm at?  
  
Where you At Rock? Where you At? Over here, to the rear with your girl and the  
40s of beer  
  
Where you At Rock? Where you At? Over there with the bad attitude ?cuz I just  
Don't care  
  
Where you At Rock? Where you At? Over here, over here, uh, over here, uh, over  
Here!  
  
Where you At Rock? Where you At? Over there with the bad attitude ?cuz I just  
Don't care  
  
Where you At Rock? Where you At? Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh  
  
Over here, over here, uh, over here, uh, over here!  
  
Over there with the bad attitude 'Cause I just don't care  
  
Where you At Rock? Where you At?

