I'm back in the church... night has taken over  
I'm breathing hard... in the dark  
Through the hole in the floor, I hear the winds from the catacomb  
Here it comes, out of the hole, a magnificent light  
  
Blinding the entire church  
Contorted faces and bodies too, powerful entity floating high above  
I was no more scared of dying, but I was terrified of knowing the truth  
I don't want to, but I have to... I have to know who you are  
  
"You have entered where no human must go  
You have seen the lie... the lie about the cross"  
I am many... We are One, THE HIGHEST  
You'll never know why We kept Him here  
  
The one who did not die on the cross  
Could it be We kept Him away from God... so that he may never walk  
Never walk the Earth again?"  
"Or could it be that We've kept Him... safe from YOU  
  
So you may never try to do again what... you did back then?  
I guess it all depends on who you are  
I guess it all depends on who you really are"  
"God and Satan are just puppets on OUR strings  
  
Creating conflicts in your little human minds, keeping US alive  
It doesn't matter who or what you think We are  
It only matters that you know We are  
God, The Devil, good and evil, We're all that and so much more"  
  
"Live this life the best you can, and leave the rest to US"  
But I can't... I won't be one that feeds an unknown God  
Show to mankind that You really exist  
And then explain to us the meaning of chaos  
  
Give us reason to persist, to go on living through this Hell on Earth  
All I want is peace of mind from all you non existing Gods  
I bet that not even You will ever understand the truth  
Cause YOU are nothing but a puppet on even higher strings  
  
Your unholy eyes, I want to sew them shut  
Oh you meaningless little God, and so I choose death over you  
Up up the grey cold stairs, up into the tower of Hell  
With a rope in my hand, I'm searching for the unknown land  
  
FATHER OF THE UNIVERSE, here I come.. THIS PLACE IS TERRIBLE

