I think I'm sophisticated 'cause I'm living my life  
Like a good homo sapiens  
But all around me everybody's multiplying and  
They're walking round like flies man  
So I'm no better than the animals sitting  
In the cages in the zoo man  
Cause compared to the flowers and the birds and the trees  
I am an apeman.  
  
I think I'm so educated and I'm so civilized  
'Cause I'm a strict vegetarian  
But with the over-population and inflation and starvation  
And the crazy politicians  
I don't feel safe in this world no more,  
I don't want to die in a nuclear war.  
I want to sail away to a distant shore and make like an apeman.  
  
I'm an apeman, I'm an ape, apeman, oh I'm an apeman  
I'm a King Kong man, I'm a voodoo man, oh I'm an apeman  
Cause compared to the sun that sits in the sky,  
Compared to the clouds as they roll by,  
Compared to the bugs and the spiders and flies I am an apeman.  
  
In man's evolution he's created the city  
And the motor traffic rumble.  
But give me half a chance and I'd be taking off my clothes  
And living in the jungle.  
Cause the only time that I feel at ease  
Is swinging up and down in the coconut trees.  
Oh what a life of luxury to be like an apeman.  
  
I'm an apeman, I'm an ape, apeman, oh I'm an apeman  
I'm a King Kong man, I'm a voodoo man, oh I'm an apeman  
I look out the window but I can't see the sky,  
The air pollution is a-fucking up my eyes,  
I want to get out of this city alive and make like an apeman.  
  
Oh come on and love me, be my apeman girl  
And we'll be so happy in my apeman world.  
  
I'm an apeman, I'm an ape, apeman, oh I'm an apeman  
I'm a King Kong man, I'm a voodoo man, oh I'm an apeman  
I'll be your Tarzan, you'll be my Jane,  
I'll keep you warm and you'll keep me sane,  
We'll sit in the trees and eat bananas all day, just like an apeman.  
  
I'm an apeman, I'm an ape, apeman, oh I'm an apeman  
I'm a King Kong man, I'm a voodoo man, oh I'm an apeman  
I don't feel safe in this world no more,  
I don't want to die in a nuclear war.  
I want to sail away to a distant shore and make like an apeman

