[Kirk Franklin:] Toby Mac! (huh!) Turn it up!  
[Toby Mac:] Kirk, gonna get his white boy on!  
[Kirk Franklin:] God, I know You up to something (uhhh!) I can see it all
right now (woo!) You pulling back my covers it's getting crazy (Come on!)  
  
[Verse 1: Kirk Franklin]  
Think I'm gonna walk away  
You're messing up my life today (wassup)  
This time I refuse to pray  
Still you keep calling me (calling me)  
I don't wanna see your face  
The thing I love you erased (Come on!)  
Nothing but an empty space  
Now I don't know how to be  
I know it wasn't right for me(Yea!)  
What you liking what you need  
I feel like I'm in surgery  
Still you cut deeper  
  
My secrets within  
My blanket of sin  
Lord how much longer 'till ya through with me  
Please take what you need (can I get up now!)  
  
[Chorus:]  
Be still and know I am God  
Be still and know I am God  
  
[Verse 2: Toby Mac]  
Loving you Lord is my way  
Everything you don't explain  
Somethings I don't want to change  
So you keep breaking me (there you go!)  
It's like I'm fighting for my life (woo!)  
You hit me with another light  
I feel like Jacob in the night  
Won't stop 'till you bless me  
  
My flesh and my will (yes father!)  
Is yours not to kill (to kill!)  
Bringing myself to you (come on!)  
But living sacrifice is more (can I get up now)  
  
[Chorus:]  
Be still and know I am God (gotta know gotta know gotta know gotta know)  
Be still and know (yea) I am God(gotta know gotta know one more time!)  
Be still and know I am God (you are god! you are god! gotta know! gotta know!)  
Be still (Be still) and know (and know) I am God (yea!)  
  
[Bridge:]  
If I could I'd fly away from here  
But even when I'm far you still are near  
I gotta get out (There's no way out)  
Where is there to run(There's no where to run)  
Don't go(Don't go)  
Don't go (Can't go)  
No! No! No! (Whoa!)  
  
[Kirk Franklin:]  
You win. (uh huh!)  
I've been trying to do it on my own. (Yes Lord!)  
But right now I gotta surrender  
You know what's best (Say it like you mean it!)  
It's not easy waiting on you  
It's not easy believing that you got this together  
But without faith it is impossible to please you (We recognize you!)  
So I'm gonna stand right here. (We are still before you!)  
You got me. (We are still before you!) You got me You got me  
  
[Chorus:]  
Be still and know (we know!) I am God (We gonna lift those hands I surrender
to your authority God! I surrender!)  
Be still (we're still!) and know (we know!) I am God (I give you my
will)(Gotta know! Gotta! know! Gotta know!)  
Be still (I'm yours!) and know (we know!) (I'm yours!) I am God (I'm tired of
living on my own! I'm tired of living on my own!)  
Be still and know (we know!) I am God (You are God!)

