Black Rage is founded on two-thirds a person  
Rapings and beatings and suffering that worsens,  
Black human packages tied up in strings,  
Black Rage can come from all these kinds of things.  
Black Rage is founded on blatant denial  
Squeezed economics, subsistence survival,  
Deafening silence and social control.  
Black Rage is founded on wounds on the soul!  
  
When the dogs bite  
When the beatings  
When I'm feeling sad,  
I simply remember all these kinds of things and then I don't fear so bad!  
  
Black Rage is founded: who fed us self hatred,  
Lies and abuse while we waited and waited?  
Spiritual treason, this grid and it's cages,  
Black Rage is founded on these kinds of things.  
Black Rage is founded on dreaming and draining,  
Threatening your freedom to stop your complaining.  
Poisoning your water while they say it's raining,  
Then call you mad for complaining, complaining.  
Old time bureaucracy drugging the youth,  
Black Rage is founded on blocking the truth!  
Murder and crime, compromise and distortion,  
Sacrifice, sacrifice who makes this fortune?  
Greed, falsely called progress,  
Such human contortion  
Black Rage is founded on these kinds of things.  
  
So when the dogs bite  
And when the ceilings  
And when I'm feeling mad,  
I simply remember all these kinds of things and then I don't fear so bad!  
  
Free enterprise, is it myth or illusion?  
Forcing you back into purposed confusion.  
Black human trafficking or blood transfusion?  
Black Rage is founded on these kinds of things.  
Victims of violence both psyche and body  
Life out of context is living unGodly.  
Politics, politics  
Greed falsely called wealth  
Black Rage is founded on denial of self!  
Black human packages tied and subsistence  
Having to justify your very existence  
Try if you must but you can't have my soul  
Black Rage is founded on unGodly control  
  
So when the dogs bite  
When the beatings  
And when I'm feeling sad  
I simply remember all these kinds of things and then I don't feel so bad!

