I gotta find peace of mind... I gotta find peace of mind  
  
He says it's impossible...But I know it's possible  
He says it's impossible... But I know it's possible  
  
He says there's no me without him... Please help me forget about him  
He takes all my energy... Trapped in my memory  
Constantly holding me... Constantly holding me  
  
I need to tell you all... All the pain he's caused mmmmm  
I need to tell you I'm... I'm undone because mmmmmm  
  
He says it's impossible... But I know it's possible  
He says it's impossible without him... But I know it's possible  
To finally be in love... And know the real meaning of  
A lasting relationship... Not based on ownership  
I trust every part of you.... Cause all that you say you do  
You love me despite myself  
Sometimes I... I fight myself  
I just can't believe that you.... Would have anything to do  
With someone so insecure... Someone so immature  
Ohh you inspire me, to be the higher me  
  
You make my desire pure... You make my desire pure  
Just tell me what to say... I can't find the words to say  
Please don't be mad with me... I have no identity  
All that I've known is gone... All I was building on  
I wanna walk with you, how do I talk to you?  
  
Touch my mouth with your hands... Touch my mouth with your hands  
  
Oh I wanna understand the meaning of your embrace  
I know now I have to face... The temptations of my past  
Please don't let me disgrace... where my devotion lays  
Now that I know the thruth... Now that it's no excuse  
Keeping me from your love... What was I thinking of  
Holding me from your love... What was I thinking of  
  
You are my peace of mind... That old me is left behind  
You are my peace of mind... That old me is left behind  
  
He says it's impossible... but I know it's possible  
He says it's improbable... but I know it's tangible  
He says it's not grabbable... but I know it's haveable  
Cause anything's possible... Cause anything is possible  
  
Please come free my mind... Please come feed my mind  
Can you see my mind ohh... Won't you come free my mind  
Oh I know it's possible  
  
Anything, anything, anything, anything, anything.... yeah  
Anything, anything, anything, anything, .... yeah  
Anything, anything, anything, anything, anything.... yeah  
  
Oh, free... free, free, free your mind  
Free... free your mind  
Free.. free your mind  
Free free free free your mind  
Oh, it's so possible... Oh, it's so possible  
I'm telling you it's possible... I'm telling you it's possible  
  
Free, free, free....... free, get free now (repeat)  
  
Your my peace of mind... That old me is left behind  
Your my peace of mind... Your my peace of mind  
He's my peace of mind... He's my peace of mind  
He's my peace of mind... What a joy it is to be alive  
To get another chance, yeah... Every day's another chance  
To get it right this time... everday's another chance  
  
Oh what a merciful... merciful, merciful God  
Oh what a wonderful... wonderful wonderful god (continue to end)  
What a merciful... merciful, merciful, merciful god  
What a wonderful, wonderful, wonderful, merciful  
Merciful, merciful, wonderful  
Merciful, wonderful............

