[Young Cosette is working as a drudge in the Thenardier's inn at Montfermeil.]  
  
Young Cosette  
There is a castle on a cloud,  
I like to go there in my sleep,  
Aren't any floors for me to sweep,  
Not in my castle on a cloud.  
There is a room that's full of toys,  
There are a hundred boys and girls,  
Nobody shouts or talks too loud,  
Not in my castle on a cloud.  
There is a lady all in white,  
Holds me and sings a lullaby,  
She's nice to see and she's soft to touch,  
She says "Cosette, I love you very much."  
I know a place where no one's lost,  
I know a place where no one cries,  
Crying at all is not allowed,  
Not in my castle on a cloud.  
  
Oh help! I think I hear them now,  
And I'm nowhere near finished sweeping and  
Scrubbing and polishing the floor.  
Oh, it's her! It's Madame!  
  
Mme. Thenardier  
Now look who's here  
The little madam herself!  
Pretending once again she's been 'so awfully good',  
Better not let me catch you slacking  
Better not catch my eye!  
Ten rotten francs your mother sends me  
What is that going to buy?  
Now take that pail  
My little 'Mademoiselle'  
And go and draw some water from the well!  
We should never have taken you in in the first place  
How stupid, the things that we do!  
Like mother like daughter, the scum of the street.  
Eponine, come my dear, Eponine, let me see you  
You look very well in that new little blue hat  
There's some little girls who know how to behave  
And they know what to wear  
And I'm saying thank heaven for that.  
Still there Cosette?  
Your tears will do you no good.  
I told you fetch some water from the well in the wood...  
  
Young Cosette  
Please do not send me out alone  
Not in the darkness on my own!  
  
Mme. Thenardier  
Enough of that, or I'll forget to be nice!  
You heard me ask for something,  
And I never ask twice!  
  
[Young Eponine pushes Cosette out. Thenardier says good night to his daughter
as the inn fills up for the evening.]

