Remix Baby... Yup, I'm back, as a matta fact, I ain't go nowhere  
This right here is the free mix... Digg,  
This for errbody, this for ya'll, no charge, just because... Na mean?  
Let's Go.  
Ok, A millie sold first day I went gold how do I celebrate work on the carter
4  
Yup, I ain't here to brag nor boast, this is simply an attempt to thank you
the most  
You the fan, you the man, and to my female audience I hope you use sanitizer
cuz I'm kissin all ya hands  
All my plans is well executed  
This that electric music, you can get electrocuted  
You know I extra do it, they say I'm the best to do  
I say I'm better than who next to do it or whoever do it  
They could never do it like me, I C O N, or you could call me mr. I go in  
Boy you don't know nutthin bout me I am hip hop's proof  
While they was hangin around I got that Slipknot loose  
I am Notorious, I'm 2pac in Juice  
I'm the dude in Mark Weedn Rainbow but in Roots,  
No fruit, no sweet  
Which mc next shawty rappas like Sub Way and I eat fresh Yes  
Be blessed such a mes ss that you can't clean  
I'm dirty like feins yes  
I'm king, I do it like obscene, or been here before or between  
Your hoe or your queen  
You know wadda mean, yea you know water dry  
And you know carter tri, can you picture carter five?  
Now put ya eyes at camera no recorder all live  
And yup I rep that beehive, red flag on my levis  
I hallo to the east side, I been a beast since I was knee high  
But now I'm grown til I'm tree high  
As a matta fact I'm in the sky, as a matta fact I'm in the ride of every black
and the white human being  
Can't forget about the Europeans, n the Asians, n the Haitians, the Jamaicans,
the whole nation, if I forgot ya I don't hate ya that's just my human nature
yeeee digg!  
I'm fire like a cig, break ya off like a twig, swear I'm iron like brig  
Flow dyin, not sick  
I am triumph, I'm big  
Ask ya girl she agree, she been on me since they been callin me lil weezy wee  
But now it's Weezy F. Baby don't forget the F Baby  
Yea you know I was gon say it, yea you know you wan say it  
I'm the greatest, I'm always better than my latest but back to yo girlfriend I
got her wetter than a bathing suit, shoot to kill never to hurt, Weezy tippin
yay the definition of hard work  
Even the humble Jay said that this is well deserved  
He said I'm doin my thang, I said well shit you did it first, Thank You  
Men lie, women lie, numbers don't  
So I moved outta my condo and into the bank vault  
Record sales... Bank Teller say hahah...  
Shout out to every dj, bootleggers, I made histor-y anyway  
In the way, they said I couldn't  
Shout out to Young Money cuz without them I couldn't  
Shout out to Cash Money cuz without them I coudln't  
Shout out to Universal cuz without them I couldn't  
Shout out to my friends cuz without them I couldn't  
Shout out to my daughter cuz without her I wouldn't  
Mad rappers look on the bright side  
I sold 1. 5 Hip Hop is alive  
Hahahh thank you everybody  
Young mullah baby!

