[Chorus: x2]  
Hoes!  
Lets just talk about hoes!  
Can we talk about hoes hoes!  
  
Lets go  
  
You got to talk like a pimp whats good mommy  
You knew better you threw better who better than  
That nigga with the crisp, white tee icy white sneaks  
Jeans to a better you do better gettin' yo ass  
Out off up in that coupe bitch, see your ass on that new  
Leather and re-coupe bitch,  
Its only me you bitch on our way to the stoop.  
I'm that Birdman junior  
You ain't know and don't give me that silly bullshit about you ain't hoe.  
I move ya to my city put yo ass in ya 1-0.  
I have ya lookin' pretty hit ave and get the doe.  
And Gucci don't fit you like it's suppose to be in pictures,  
I computer love baby Wayne ya change your image.  
You need Weezy them other boys just gimmicks.  
Me I'm just game, green and straight physics is you wit it  
Yeah I ain't even tryin to hit it.  
I ma get it once its time to get it.  
Lets talk about  
  
[Chorus]  
  
I got this rat name Shelly that loves Makaveli  
Number 5 combo meals its bad she K-Y jelly.  
Our  
Old school shorty still drinkin' 40's.  
Grab the mic start a fight, fuck up the whole party.  
Maybe you should leave,  
Just yo weave, thats Velcro hell no bitch go wit Steve.  
Got this lead singer bitch from a popular group  
I would say her name but she bought me a coupe.  
Got this poor hoe Shonna swear like Marijuana she dig Lil Wayne  
But she love the Big Tymers,  
Got pretty girl Patrice  
Found out I'm fuckin' her niece  
She tried to stab her so I grab her and we call the police.  
Mr. Officer, that bitch den lost it bra she goin' to jail oh well,  
I be fuckin' her, see two dikes, Spanish twins  
Nuts press on they chin, will we go belly low well nigga that depends  
  
[Chorus]  
  
I got old school bitches and new school hoes  
Female basketball players with cornrows and I don't  
Like short haired girls no not really  
If I do she got to look like the old Halle Berry  
Or the broke Toni Braxton or first Lil' Kim  
But I still take hood rats and work with them.  
I put yo ass in a jag and I got jerk ya quick.  
Give ya ass a Lil' game if you smerk you in,  
I am pimp not a simp like ice in my drink  
And I don't think twice or blink  
Cause I'm focus  
Rollin in the whitest mink like I'm polar bear yeah let down my hair  
Get jazzy on a bitch like Fred Astaire  
Rose gold in her face get'em red as glare  
My Bentley plum my Mercedes pear.  
I am lookin' for a freak momma take me there, yeah  
  
[Chorus: x3]

