Weezy  
What up pop, what up pop.  
Fuck what they heard  
it's what they need to know nigga  
(They saying C.A.R.T.E.R. yep!)  
Ya feel me, hey nigga we done built this.  
Shit from the ground up now homie  
Believe that daddy, it ain't no looking back from here, we too strong  
  
[Chorus]  
And that's the only way we get down (we get down)  
Cause that's the only way we was taught (we was taught)  
And everything we got we bought (we bought)  
And real niggas still shine in the dark (still shine in the dark, yeah)  
And that's the only way we get down (we get down)  
And that's the only way we was taught (we was taught)  
And everything we got we bought (we bought)  
And real niggas still shine in the dark  
(Still shine in the dark, fuck a law, oh!)  
Cause that's the only way we get down  
  
I down down a brother  
We ain't cut from the same cloth you Downy soft  
Bullets separate ya body compound a buster  
I'm a find ya if ya hiding I'm a bounty hunter  
In ya home putting dick all down ya woman  
You come home we in the bedroom counting money  
I bring her home and I fuck her on a thousand hundreds  
Then I shoot the nasty bitch in the mouth for nothing  
I say Birdman Birdman what's good today  
We ain't never let them niggas take our food away  
And we recognize real and got a rude awakening  
And woke up together and our life was better  
I'm the Cash Money son I live a life of cheddar  
Not a rat though hat low Nike's is leather  
Lil' maw twist two get my life together  
Ya bitch meet me at the bar and we knife together, cut!  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Throw my weight like Sherman Klump  
I gotta hold up my estate like Donald Trump  
And I aim kinda straight when it's time to pump  
I bring the pump when it's time to pump  
Wrapped around my waist like a cumber bun  
Don't make a nigga pump, you up!  
I come in that new thing, she threw up  
Now yo' bitch ass gotta clean yo' shoe up  
I'm rich as fuck and I never blew up  
Business mug, gotta get my loot up  
Bet ya bitch get fucked if I ever met her  
Bet ya ditch get dug you ever step up  
One by one I push 'em down, fat bullet, fat head make a pussy sound  
Hard head soft ass make a gushy ground I'm straight from a crooked town  
Like that bitch!  
  
[Chorus]  
  
I give my arms and my legs to the game I'm ahead of the game  
I dead any mane if he said anything  
But it's cool, as long as nigga paid when he came  
And I'm a fool with the flame and the caine  
Cut it just a little bit but the drain stay the same yeah  
Young Wayne and the pain and the stain still remain  
On the chest where the four made a mess yes  
I'm still here in the flesh twenty one year old legend  
I'm a live way after my death  
I sacrifice whatever that's left  
I give y'all the last of my breath like  
Write it down take a picture record a copy  
Press pause only way you stop me fucker  
I'm a get mine and make you not me  
Spit wine in ya face if you watch me Bitch!  
  
[Chorus]  
  
And that's the only way we getting down nigga  
Cash Money C-M-B man  
You already know we here never left fuck 'em  
See me if you got a problem boy  
I'm at home all day man, it's not a game  
Stunner, what's really good with 'em  
We ain't never let 'em take our food away  
(I got it, yeah)  
Fresh you nasty on this on dog  
This one, this is the Carter bitch!

