2pac: I guess god didn't find no replacement for 2pac yet. As soon as god find
a replacement for 2pac I'm gone but.. Until he do I'll be here doing what he
want me to do.  
  
Biggie: Pac is a strong dude yo I know dude. Ya know what I'm saying? He real
strong. So when they were like he got shot I was like again? Ya know what I'm
saying he's always getting shot or shot at. He gonna pull through this one
again make a few records about it and it's gonna be over ya know what I'm
saying? But when he died I was just like wow.. Ya know what I'm saying? It
kinda took me by... Man even though we were going through our drama I would
never wish death on nobody... Ya know what I'm saying 'cause they be coming
back.  
  
Unknown Person: This is Dale Hube, For University Medical Center. This message
is being recoreded at appoximently 5: 15 on Firday September 13th. Tupac
Shakur passed away today at the University Medical Center at appoximently 4:
03 pm. Pshyicans have listed the cause of death as respitory failuare and
Cardiopulmanary Arrest. Mr. Shakur's Body has been removed from the hospital
and funieral arrangments are pending.  
  
Linkin Park Lead Singer: Yo  
  
September 13, 1996 Tupac in the mist of some Suge Knight bullshit  
Nobody saw it coming nobody knew what hit  
Its been almost seven years since you been gone we all miss you dawg that's  
Why I wrote this song from me against the world to all eyes on me you was  
A real muthafucka yah you made me see uh uh yah you made me see  
  
(chorus)4x  
I said nobody saw it coming, nobody even knows why, somebody please tell  
Me why you had to die  
  
Yo  
Verse 2 (2x)  
March 9, 1997 L. A. California another 1-8-7 you were ready to die just like
your album said so many playa haters that want to see you dead you took the  
Game of brooklyn and gave it to the whole world your whole life revolved  
Around rap and you lil' girl I can't believe these rappers try to bite yo  
Style even Em and 50 in 8 mile Biggie Small you was the man you was the  
Myth you was the legend I wonder if you and pac made peace in heaven  
  
(chorus)4x  
This song is dedicated to Tupac Shakur and Biggie Smalls  
  
Yo yo  
(chorus)4x

