Blaze this one, word up!  
I'ma blaze this one  
No doubt! uh, check it, check it, check it!  
uh, uh, check it, check it, check it!  
I'm Uncle L, check it, check it, check it!  
The Trackmasters, check it, check it, check it!  
Now everybody now, check it, check it, check it!  
All my niggas now, check it, check it, check it!  
Yeah, we 'bout to serve this one off nice, why'nah mean?  
Word up, check it!  
  
I shot ya!  
I'm splittin' brothers open like a doctor  
Ya fell asleep, the vampire teeth got'cha  
I drop ya down in boilin' acid  
Ya melt like plastic, elastic, is drastic  
Violations, room vibrations, son  
Cock the hammer let the Uncle give 'em one  
Done take a flick of a wicked lunatic  
puttin' hits on your clique, got'cha wife in turnin' tricks  
What? You don't want to, I thought that you was bawlin'  
Now watch 'cause I cock ya love, ya girlies fallin'  
Uh, what's my function? Lyrical injection  
Blazin' niggas, hittin' 'em raw with no protection  
I take advantage  
Ya fear me, I'm doin' damage  
Ya hear me  
The whole scenario is dreary  
MC's is gettin' wet up in the game  
I meet you up in Memphis, just call my name  
I shot ya!  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
Ya want to (uh)  
Ya want to (uh)  
Ya want to hit, give me a hour (uh)  
Plus a pen and a pad (uh, check it, check it, check it!)  
I shot ya!  
  
I shot ya! (uh)  
I got ya strap to the stagin'  
Trapped in a cagin, toe kissin' a Cajun  
Ya mob's locked down underneath the surface  
Ya gettin' nervous for talkin' shit with no purpose  
Laced up, mind charmer, mad drama  
What goes around comes around, not around farmers  
Silence, sh, very deadly  
Come and battle, let me add you to my medley  
Possessin' power, takin' everything I can grasp  
Go get it now, why you always dwellin' on the past?  
Baby boys reminiscin' old school shit  
Young fools get dicked, LL rules the shit  
With a platinum fist, the relentless abyss  
I take you to a land where piranhas like to kiss  
Massacre, mmuh, blowin' up the tour bus passengers  
Chuckin' the color outta cartoon character  
Ya get serious  
Real niggas recognize what my theory is  
I shot ya!  
  
[Chorus]  
  
I shot ya!  
Word up, I'ma lace this shit crazy, why'nah mean?  
Word up, we're gonna blow the spot up, kid  
No doubt about it  
Yeah, yeah, I ain't through, I ain't through, I ain't through  
  
Uh-uh-uh-oh, lookin' kinda leery  
Ya clique thought I fell off, they didn't want to hear me  
Oh really, now tell me how long have you been whinin'  
Sixteen years, twenty million albums, yeah you're climbin'  
I love your joint 'Rock The Bells', it was mad hot  
Ya record 'bout the Radio was blowin' up my spot  
My girl was on your chip when you flipped 'I Need Love'  
Your backseat count set was mad butter, son  
I loved your boomin' system it was wicked as could be  
You bad, now I'm writin' on your pink cookies  
And you had me screamin' 'Mama Said Knock Ya Out'  
Ya jinglin', baby, no doubt  
Uh, talk to me (what, what, uh, uh) become a zombie, walk to me  
Ain't a MC alive who fought with me  
Why'nah mean? Man, rock it  
Easy does it  
I gotta pluck it like buzzards  
I shot ya!  
  
[Chorus: x3]  
  
What, what, what, what, what  
Uh, what?  
Why'nah mean? This is how we gettin' down for crizzown  
No diggity, why'know I'm sayin'  
Trackmasters lace me, why'know I'm sayin'  
And I take care of mines, why'know I mean'  
That's it son!  
Peace!

