Yeah you know what I'm saying?  
It's real funny you know hat I mean?  
I like can't believe this y'know  
Jealousy like tried to move on me you know what I'm sayin?  
So I said nah I ain't gonna, y'know  
make no energetic hyped up yelling, type joint, know what I mean?  
I'm just goin' cool back, you know what I'm sayin?  
Word up to this slow gangster beat type thing  
Check it out yo  
  
Jealousy, I wanna kill him and shoot him  
He's a sucker, I'd like to execute him  
Recruit him, put him in my school and school him  
I said something simple, and I knew that I'd fool him  
He's only mediocre, jealousy can't get with me  
Hang up your clothes, cause jealousy ain't spent to me  
He's just a monkey, riding my back  
In fact I kidnap, ram-sack, hijack and back slap the fool,  
see my name is Cool J  
I play for keeps, the microphone's my tool  
I've been holding back long enough I had to bring it  
Jealousy is in the house y'all, fellas sing it  
  
Jealous, jealous,  
There's no need to be  
Jealous, jealous  
Be mellow, you know what I'm saying?  
Jealous, jealous,  
Gangster groove, word up know what I'm saying?  
Jealous, Jealous..  
Check it out y'all  
  
I'm not lackadaisical or lazy on the microphone  
I bring the bacon home so jealousy go home  
Or play the wall and pout about the way the prince is rolling  
So when they give it up, stand back and start folding  
All your jealous show clothes, I think you need to grab a  
half-pint of Cisco and hang out with Backstabber  
Cause I'ma break down all walls Jealousy built  
and then walk tall, like I'm standing on stilts yeah  
Jealousy the jam is mean you'll have to rewind it  
If you didn't know about him, you must have been blinded  
Ask him if I'm right, he'll tell you he sure is  
Excuse me for a moment, fellas sing a smooth chorus  
  
Jealous, jealous,  
Know what I'm saying? Smooth, word up  
Jealous, jealous,  
Huh, crazy gangster beat, you know what I'm saying?  
It's like a gangster lean  
Jealous, jealous,  
Yeah yeah you know what I'm saying?  
It's Cool J in the house, you know what I'm saying?  
Jealous, jealous,  
Word up, check it out  
Check it, yo  
  
Thank you fellas, the way you sung the chorus was swift  
but now it's time to pump lyrics, and shoot the gift  
His name is Jealousy fellas see what I mean now turn it out  
without a doubt and if it hits you in the heart don't pout  
Cause I'ma hit Jealousy and his posse where it hurts a lot  
Him and his boys have a habit, they always smirk a lot  
and make mean faces, I see em in many places  
Scared to face us, they wish they could erase us  
or outdo us, can't do damage and never will  
The Legend in Leather is clever, man I'ma never chill  
Allah take a break from this, yo I love swingin'  
Yo E, pop the bubbly, fellas, start singin'  
  
Jealous, Jealous,  
Know what I'm sayin?  
It's like a crazy gangster groove, you know what I mean?  
Jealous, jealous,  
Huh-huh, Jealousy ain't got no wins, you know what I'm sayin'?  
Jealous, jealous,  
Yo but it ain't nothing you know what I'm sayin'?  
Cause yo I'm the prince of rap know what I'm sayin'? Word up  
Jealous, jealous,  
Yo, it's crazy, I am the one  
Bust it  
  
Oh yeah, now I'ma wind it up  
It's time to move on and end the Jealousy cut  
and head off with a bang that sang and kicked your brain in  
I flowed like water now I'm finished explainin  
In the spotlight tonight his name was Jealousy  
And for some strange reason, it seems fellas be  
falling for him, I hope you understood  
Stay away from him he ain't no good  
  
You know what I'm saying man yo (that's word yeah I hear that)  
Yeah word up (can't hang out man)  
Yo it ain't nothing yo ya know what I'm saying  
cause we goin' do this (we goin' do it right)  
(get involved man) Yo get the champagne man  
(just chill)

