You're not a chicken-head going "hee-shey"  
You're choosy in the bed like "hee-shey"  
I know your man's in the feds but "hee-shey"  
I can't figure out the reason you keep hawking me  
Is it the, invisible settings on the baguettes?  
The Benzes, Beamers and Corvettes?  
Or the, wood-grain in the convertible Lex  
Be ease, shopping sprees, what designer is next?  
Is it the, Diablo, parked on Rodeo?  
Half a mill' in the trunk and I ain't moved no llello  
Could it be I'm, anti-pimp, hundred-thousand a clip  
Hat low, doing donuts when I pull up out the dealership  
Is it the, the Fortune 500 covers?  
The family man that got one baby mother?  
The way I brainwash y'all to love one another  
And got the whole community bouncing in unity  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
(Born to love you baby) Why?  
(You know I love you baby) Why?  
(Kiss and hug you baby) Why?  
(I'll always love you baby) Why?  
  
You're not a chicken-head going "hee-shey"  
You're choosy in the bed like "hee-shey"  
I know your man's in the feds but "hee-shey"  
I can't figure out the reason you be hawking me  
Is it the, twenty million I be grabbing a flick?  
Or my four-hundred million dollar Fubu clique?  
Is it the, "In the House" syndication chips  
Popping two bottles, shorty read my lips  
They say Ladies, Love, Legend in Leather  
Simple ain't it, uh, but quite clever  
Is it the, fact I melt in liquid ice?  
Tapped it once, you felt it twice  
Is it the, multiple O's I'm known for those  
Temptation Island, wilding cause my neck froze  
Is it the, bowlegged, hard-headed  
Little honey in my grill with her pinkies wetted?  
Forget it  
  
[Chorus]  
  
You're not a chicken-head going "hee-shey"  
You're choosy in the bed like "hee-shey"  
I know your man's in the feds but "hee-shey"  
I can't figure out the reason you keep hawking me  
Is it the, way I caress and hold you close?  
The iller, villa in Barbados?  
Is it the, Countache rolling up to your door? Yeah  
Tell your roommate you ain't dancing no more, yeah  
Tell 'em your new man is cooler than before, yeah  
Tell 'em bout them twenty-thousand on tour, yeah  
Is it the, the way that I defend your honor?  
Backhand your ex-man, tell him kill the drama?  
Is it the, way the Maserati hug her body  
Make you want to be my next hottie, uh-huh  
From the bottom to the bottom to the top to the top  
Cruise it don't stop  
  
[Chorus]

