Warning, MC's stand back  
You better take a chill and observe the skill  
of the man who can, so understand god damn  
I got a masterpiece a master plan and a brand new  
way to attack the wack cut 'em down to size  
to realize LL's back  
Don't sleep I'm too sweet to repeat a beat  
a lyric or rhyme I wouldn't waste your time  
with weak words, that's for nerds, you never heard a rhyme  
So you deserve a line rougher than rough enough is enough  
I'm, gonna slaughter choke ya smoke ya like a sauna  
You don't really wanna  
But if you wanna battle on here's a lesson, stop 'fessin  
I'm a lethal weapon, you better get to steppin  
off the stage, and outta my face  
You're too light ? save the bass  
  
[Chorus]  
Why do you think they call it dope?  
Why do you why do you think they call it dope?  
  
It seems like people-'ll never understand  
On the microphone I'm not your average man  
I cool out sometimes, I save my best rhymes  
and then the toy boy thinks that he can come and get mine  
Let your friends gas him up, talk trash and make bets  
then gets played like those kids who tried to rob Goetz  
You don't know what I'm sayin? Yo check it  
Give me any microphone and god dammit I'll wreck it!  
I'm coldblooded I'm about to mutilate  
Last year before I left I told you to wait  
But you couldn't stay loyal started goin astray  
Thinking Tom, Dick, and Harry can mess with Cool J  
Is you crazy? I'm booming, got the talent of two men  
The stamina and skill in battle to kill a few men  
The heart of a lion, the loyalty of a soldier  
I wreck your whole mob then tell ya I told ya!  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Cause I don't jab around you, I come inside  
Bob and weave, deceive until you get tongue tied  
Brawl for all give a lyrical display  
and next time you know better than to get in my way  
"Yo whassup wit LL?  
Will he ever make another 'Rock the Bells'?"  
Yo brothers is coming up, "I think he's falling off  
I don't think he's still 'hard as hell'"  
See, this is the attitude, of ignorant ones  
cause they don't know, all them MC'sll get done  
One or two might say, "Yo L'll be back"  
but the rest they be sucking on sugar smacks  
Talking that crap about who's better than me  
You think so? Just let a MC  
make me mad enough, to really wanna battle  
I put a L on his ass like he was cattle!  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Just cause I make a love song, or say a simple rhyme  
"Boom, move over L, it's Miller Time"  
I don't know whether to laugh, get ill or get wild  
Cause brothers don't realize, I got so many styles  
like tripling up the words, confusing all the nerds  
Heard put my sights on mics and ? flipping above the word  
to the mother, no other  
MC brother, can mess with Ladies Lover  
I'm original, I'm bright under color  
And when I get on the mic, yo I burn rubber  
Can't stand criticism, give 'em an exorcism  
Been rocking for years, now I have wisdom  
The way I'm kicking the lines you can hear my tongue twist  
and it'll have your neck spinning like you're spineless  
I'm picking 'em up, throwing 'em down  
Hyping 'em up and slowing 'em down  
All of these words with only one tongue  
Shaking 'em up and then baking 'em up  
Smash boom bash scraping 'em up  
Now you thought that was hard, I just begun  
Cause I'm a roll on the microphone  
And take control just like Al Capone  
I'm notorious, you're foolish if you sleep on me  
Cause I'm too slick to let a rapper get sweet on me  
Try to make a move for my heavyweight belt  
You get played like the Wizard of Oz witch, you melt  
Yo I'm crazy dope, with super hype lines  
and a lot of hype lines make one dope rhyme  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
  
Cause that's what it is  
  
Why do you think they call it dope?  
Why do you why do you think they call it dope?  
Why do you think they call it dope?

