Yea, check out it baby, make it hot.  
Bring the drama, uh, DefJam, ha, yea, word 'em up, make 'em bounce.  
  
It's the first time together and I'm feelin' kind of horny,  
Conventional methods of makin' love kind of bore me,  
I want to knock your block off, get my rocks off,  
Blow your socks off, make sure your G spots off.  
I'll call ya big daddy and scream your name,  
Matter fact I can't wait for your candy rain.  
So which you sayin', I get my swerve on, bring it live,  
Make it last forever, damn the kitty cat is tied  
Daddy slow down your flow,  
Put it on me like a G baby, nice and slow,  
I need a rough neck mega man dingle in a sec,  
Who ain't afraid, pull my hands and spank me from the back.  
No doubt, I'm the player that you're talking about.  
But do you think you could really work it out.  
I guarantee ya shorty is real, baby stick out, here comes the man of steel.  
  
[Chorus]  
Doin' it, doin' it, and doin' it well  
Doin' it, doin' it, and doin' it well  
Doin' it, doin' it, and doin' it well  
I represent Queens, she was raised out in Brooklyn.  
Doin' it, doin' it, and doin' it well  
Doin' it, doin' it, and doin' it well  
Doin' it, doin' it, and doin' it well  
I represent Queens, she was raised out in Brooklyn.  
  
I'm in the mix now searching for the right spot to hit now, get down.  
Damn, I love your dig down, you was a lover, damn right, you are my lover, all
night,  
The putty good to ya hard to lover, mad tight.  
The only thing left to do is climax, let's make it last,  
Word we ain't goin' out like that,  
All this time you've been telling me that you was a dove.  
I tried to warn ya girl, you wouldn't listen, now lets get it on,  
You make me wild don't do that, chill wait a minute baby let me please your
back.  
You talk a good one, shorty love ya making sweat, how's do a live nigga like
it girl.  
Nice and wet, get on til the break dawn, damn you're large,  
How's do a big girl like it daddy.  
Nice and hard, safe sexin' it, flexin' it,  
Gettin' that affectionate, true in it, oh while we doing it.  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Baby, I want to hit it in the worst way,  
Make it hot, been sceaming on that ass since the first day, don't stop,  
Damn I love when you talk like that, make it bounce, sugar.  
As along as you can bounce me back,  
More flesh than a Greek fest, roll up the incense,  
Pass the Hennesey, put my body to the test.  
Way, way, way back many niggas ago,  
I was a young girl listenin' to a higher flow,  
Now here's my chance to hit you off,  
Daddy I've grown from the back to the side, right I'm in the zone.  
One of a kind when it's time to do mine,  
Camcorder in the whole shit, press rewind, let it flow on screen  
While we puff the L, laying back in the cut while we're under the spell.  
Word life, I like the way the end go down,  
Go to sleep tomorrow I'll take ya back downtown  
We'll be  
  
[Chorus:Repeat x2]  
  
DefJam, Baby Criss, Big Shawn, Word is born,  
Make it hot.  
Uh, DefJam, LeShaun, Baby Criss, Big Shawn, Rock On  
Go Brooklyn, Go Brooklyn, Go Brooklyn, Go Brooklyn, Go Brooklyn

