Hot, fire, hot  
  
[Chorus]  
L! Who bring you the hotness?  
L! Yo, you don't want to start with  
L! Forever keeping it locked  
It's now time to rock with, L! throw your L's up  
  
Don't ever underestimate the Jack the Ripper  
Be clear, every time he reappears, it's sicker  
Listen here, the mind expanded, the vision is slicker  
I'm long range like a miss-ile, many styles to getcha  
Tear ya out the frame so the hood can get the picture  
But I'd rather break bread, kick knowledge and get some money witcha  
I'm willing and able, to smooth pounds out like Witch Hazel  
The legend is real, I'm not a fable  
Captivated the screen, I'm Queens' Clark Gable  
If it ain't a joint, bet your label, don't put it on the table  
I'm out for the moolah, throw better hooks than David Tua  
Who's the nicest? (L, you are!)  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
  
You don't want it with L, b'ship cats'll get banged out  
Put your flow throw a filter boy, shake the old slang out  
23's in the building, watch my tongue hang out  
Makin' MC's scatter like multiple shots rang out  
Day one since I came out, they can't put the flame out  
My temp seizing, perfect reason to blow the game out  
Skating off in the Navi, naw baby you can't have me  
But I know cats will pay for that 'n lace ya, yeah, gladly  
Warning, young rappers, you don't want a career?  
Y'all want to keep going platinum, y'all don't want to disappear?  
Stop bopping backstage like you causing me fear  
Cause you starting to get on my nerves, and that's a problem  
The vet's in here  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
  
Tension on the mic, halftime highlights  
L Boogie banging on 'em, jumpin' through the skylight  
You stand corrected, I'm hot, so get it riddight  
I'm just spitting, when the middick is gripped, I spit it tiddight  
Alright? Oh, these various rappers is so hilarious  
Who put the mic down but y'all ain't qualified to carry this  
Your, tracks are garbage and bars are miscellaneous  
So, throwing your joint at my car was spontaneous  
Oh! I can't take it, why, must they fake it  
Flows is fully dressed, yours is butt naked  
Forever I will be, the one they came to see  
Blowing mics in half baby, who else could it be but  
  
[Chorus: x4]  
  
I'm so hot (yeah)  
We so hot (yeah)  
You so hot (I'm so hot)  
Feel it hot (yeah)  
Are you hot (you make me hot)  
I know I'm hot (oh)  
Are you hot (yes I'm hot)  
I know I'm hot, feel it! (yeah)

