You feel so lonely, when it's in the afternoon,  
And you gotta face it, all through the night.  
Don't it make you believe  
That something's gonna have to happen soon?  
Oh, baby, all through the night,  
All through the night.  
Oh, baby, all through the night,  
All through the night.  
All through the night.  
  
Have you ever played with an all-night band,  
And got through it, baby, all through the night,  
With a daytime of sin and a night time of hell?  
Everybody's gonna look for a bell to ring,  
All through the night.  
And they do it, all through the night, baby,  
All through the night.  
  
When the words pour down and the poetry comes,  
And the novel's written, and the book is done.  
You say: "oh, Lord, lover, baby, give it to me,"  
All through the night.  
And she says it.  
  
Best friend Sally, she got sick,  
And I'm feeling mighty ill, myself.  
It happens all the time, and all through the night.  
I went to Saint Vincent's,  
And I'm watching the ceiling fall down on her body,  
As she's lying 'round on the ground.  
  
Said: "oh, babe got to celebrate," all through the night.  
Made me feel so sad, I cried all through the night.  
I said: "oh, Jesus," all through the night.  
If the sinner's in and the good man's gone,  
Then a woman can't come and help him home.  
  
Then what're gonna do about it,  
When they go on all through the night?  
All they sing: "oh, baby, oh, baby, oh, baby,"  
All through the night.  
  
And he says: "give it to me," all through the night.  
It ain't so much when a man's gotta cry  
To get a little loving, and some peace of mind.  
Said: "hey, baby give it to me," all through the night.  
Some people wait for things that never come,  
And some people dream of things, they've never been done.  
They do it, oh, baby, all through the night.  
  
The city's funny and the country's wide,  
But I want to know why they don't have a right?  
Don't they do it, oh, baby, all through the night?  
Oh, mama, oh, mama, tell me 'bout it,  
All through the night.  
I want to have it all through the night.  
Christmas comes only once a year.  
  
Why can't anybody shed just one tear?  
For things that don't happen all through the night.  
Oh, mama, all through the night.  
Oh, baby, do it to me all through the night.  
Easy, easy, baby, why don't you give it to me?  
All through the night.

