Love, what have you done? Oh, wow.  
I was sure up to now that she was a friend.  
I stayed till the end. Don't be a fool again.  
I once believed that love was fair.  
But I don't anymore. She said I'm a bore.  
My heart hit the floor.  
  
Don't be a fool anymore.  
Each time around.  
I tell myself it's the game of love.  
Ignore the signs and risk it all in the name of love.  
Well, I've decided I can't let nobody hurt me again.  
So I'll say to the end  
I just don't want to be a fool. (Don't want to be a fool.)  
Said I don't want to be a fool ever again.  
  
Whenever a fool's in love he doesn't know he's to blame.  
He's caught in the game. It all ends up the same.  
He doesn't feel the shame. He looks at love in a diff'rent way.  
It breaks his heart ev'rytime they all turn out strange.  
  
But he'll never change. He's never gonna change.  
Next time around I'll tell myself it'll be better than before  
I won't look back.  
There'll be no one tearing my heart out anymore.  
I just decided I can't let nobody fool me again.  
So I'll swear to the end.  
I just don't want to be a fool. (Don't want to be a fool.)  
Said I don't want to be a fool (ever again)  
No way, (I mean no more) Never again (Oo, no never)  
I can't be a fool, can't be. No way. No way. No way. Oo.  
I don't want to be. I don't want to be a fool. No.  
I can't love anybody (I can't love nobody)  
walking on a one way street. (Any way, any way any, way no.)  
If I don't (If I don't) find somebody (somebody body )  
that'll be alright with me. (know, I know it'll be alright now)  
'cause I decided not to let nobody kill me again.  
So I'll stay to the end  
I just don't want to be a fool. (Don't want to be a fool)  
Said I don't want to be a fool. (Don't wanna be a fool)  
Ever ever again. Don't want to be a fool Can't be a fool.  
Don't want to be a fool ever again.  
I don't want to be a fool (Never oh never oh never again.)  
Don't want to be a fool (Can't be a fool.)  
  
  

