6:30 this morning.  
I can't hear ya.  
I woke at 6:30 this morning with a headache.  
Oh  
I wonder to take 'em or not  
I wouldn't take 'em.  
I don't know, the headache is heavier than anything else.  
It's the first time that you took 'em?  
Second.  
Yeah  
I had a little bit of a headache this morning.  
I wouldn't take 'em, mom.  
I won't take 'em now, 'cause I have a toothache that hurts too a  
Little bit. I've taken everything I got, been thinkin'  
All that blood pressure medicine you take and stuff too. You  
Shouldn't take those things. You're better off not to sleep then to take the  
?  
Oh, my god! No wonder you got a headache! Your pressure's probably  
Sky high! Why don'tYou gotta take that every day!  
I try though  
Are you crazy?  
It's been 3 days  
That's probably why you have a headache nowDid you take it  
Today?  
I did this morning, yeah.  
That's probably why you have a headache, 'cause your pressure's up.  
Yeah.  
I don't know how you can forget to take it. And when that's the  
Only pill you take  
I'm sorry, I have so many pills you'd be surprised.  
Well, the blood pressure pill is the most important one.  
Yeah, I know  
There ain't no other one as important as that one.  
I got one more and then I gotta get to the store. I got two  
Refills on it.  
You only got one pill?!  
I only take one a day  
Well, yeah, but you shouldn't let 'em get that low  
I guess not, but I can take one in the morning and then go get  
Some more  
They're expensive! If you have to pay for 'em Procardia?  
No, the other one.  
Which ones?  
I gotta pay for procardia.  
Were you taking that every day?  
Yeah.  
Well, that's the blood pressure pill The heart pill, the  
Procardia. And what's the other one?  
Ah, H-why-D-are-O-T-O-N.  
Oh, that's something to do with water and And Water and, uh,  
Blood pressure.  
This one tag does say it's for blood pressure  
Yeah, I think it works like a water pill type pressure, but the  
Procardia's the important one.  
Yeah.  
You have to take that every day.  
Yeah.  
You should take that the first thing when you get up  
YeahI know.  
Well, how come you ain't got taken it?  
I took it yesterday, the procardia.  
Well, how come you didn't take it today?  
I had the headache today  
That's why you have a headache! You gotta take the procardia  
Take it now! That's what it's for, your headache! It's to make your blood  
Pressure come down.  
Yeah.  
If you don't you're gonna ha You'll have a stroke if you don't  
Take it. If you got a pretty Headache that bad you're gonna have a stroke  
I got a headache that bad this morning.  
Well, you better go take the procardia right now.  
I will, I'll take it when I hang up.  
You didn't take that other blood blood pressure pill either?  
Yeah, I did this morning  
Well, you should take the procardia right now.  
I'll take the procardia in after nine. Got a horrible morning  
Well, you  
I'm glad you can't see it.  
Well, how long has it been since you took the procardia?  
Three days.  
How many?  
Three  
Well, see, that's ridiculous You better go take it right now.  
I will.  
Then you'll find out your headache will go away.  
Yeah. I've taken it now, the procardia, just yet.  
Any other medicine you're taking ain't that important. You ain't  
Got nothing but nerve pills. They ain't important.  
I take those every day  
Well, the nerve pills ain't that important. The blood pressure  
Medicine's important.

