Crime stories  
You get, boy, no glory  
Not in these crime stories  
I'm tellin? you right now, no glory  
Scene I  
Too Big and the Hammer rollin? on a hit  
Knives in our hands to the sound of the click  
And now we're ready, we hit the swoove  
Windows ease down we spray their crews  
Eight fools dead, a baby too  
You ask me how I'm livin?, this hit?s for you  
But that's not all we got the prize  
A mother in a kitchen, now yo, she's dead inside  
Yeah, we took them suckers out  
They know what time it is now  
Crime stories  
Homeboys, you get no glory  
Not in these crime stories  
You ain't gettin? nuthin' on that, no glory  
Scene II, me and Too Big at the club  
Too Big and the Hammer kickin? it at the club  
Boastin? about the way that we pulled those sucker?s plugs  
We weren't worried, naw, we didn't care  
When you're in this war, yo, all is fair  
A tap on my shoulder, I turn around  
Too Big is dyin? fast, he's on the ground  
I reach for my gat, it was too late  
The knives went pointblank range in my face  
Yo, they opened fire and took me out  
Somebody tell my mother, I love her, man  
Crime stories  
Boy, you get no glory  
I'm not going to mislead my brothers  
Crime stories, I'm tellin? ya right now, ah, will they talk? No glory  
Scene III, the pimpin? game  
Now I'm pimpin? these berries, got to get that money  
Those suckers still payin? for a little bit of honey  
Nothin? in this world can stop my flow  
AIDS ain't done nothin? but help my business grow  
My babes are trained to make that dollar  
To take you out, fool, it ain't no bother  
You dropped your pants and you pay the price  
Your money maybe AIDS, fool, and then your life  
Yeah, that's right ?cause a pimp got to make it  
You know what I'm sayin?  
we're talkin? about crime stories  
And I ain't givin? up no propers, no glory  
  
Crime Stories, all the real brothers have been locked up  
And you know they don't wanna go back, no glory  
Scene IV, the pimp got took out by Barry's brother  
We got this tip on some new fresh bait  
Money in their heads and they could hardly wait  
My girls went to their room to make the play  
Two suckers at once, yeah, would make my day  
Now I'm outside some suckers walk up  
Talkin? real hard about smokin? my butt  
He pushed the button, the blade came out  
Cut me on my throat and then a bullet in my mouth  
I guess the devil got all the babes in hell  
Maybe he?ll let me work with him? Ssh  
Crime stories  
I'm tellin? ya, man, you get no glory  
?Cause I'm not gonna mislead my young brothers  
Crime stories, if you've ever been locked up  
You know the true stories, no glory  
And I?d like to say this before we get outta here  
To my brothers in the game, my brothers  
Who are out there doin? what they feel they've got to do  
I wanna ask you one favor, let's let the young kids 10, 11, 12 years old  
Let's let them go on and do their thing at the schoolhouse  
let's give them a chance to make it  
Let's give them a chance at a different life  
You doin? what you feel you have to do  
But they youngsters and they don't know any better  
So we want to give them a chance to live  
I mean life is precious, and you know that yourself  
And you try to make a better life for yourself  
So what I'm sayin? this from the bottom of my heart, let the kids be  
Help the children lead to another way  
And peace from you and I love you and I'm outta here  

