Too legit... Too legit to quit (three times)  
Sweat running all over my chest (chest) I don't quit no!  
I just press harder (Yea!) than I ever did before going for  
The dreams that I have in store in my mind (mind) and I know  
That I'm makin it I gotta get mine and nobody's takin it away  
(No!) cause hammer don't play that you try to get mine  
Boy you better step back freeze (freeze) cause  
You don't want none I hustle for my muscle and you look  
Weak son (real weak) yea!... I'm goin for all that I can get  
Kickin at the top cause I'm too legit to quit... Sing!...  
  
Chorus  
Too legit... Too legit to quit (hey... Hey...) Too legit... Too  
Legit... Too legit to quit... (hey...) Too legit... Too legit to quit  
(Too legit...) too legit... Too legit to quit...  
  
When I feel high post don't you play me close a dig 'em smack  
A get you back and I'll hit with a dose of oaktown power  
And charge you by the hour I'm shakin like a quake and funks  
Get devoured I choose to abuse, misuse and confuse  
Competitors who think they're makin up all the rules, fools  
In the game lame and insane it's a shame I gotta do this but  
I remain the same unchanged gettin better never known  
As a sweater kickin it at the top cause I got myself together  
So roll with a guy who's physical and fit knows the time  
And too legit to quit... Sang!  
  
Repeat chorus x2  
  
Step to the rhythm of a sho-nuff winner (winner) I been  
Here before (yo!) I ain't no beginner (word) but I been new  
Tried and true survival of the fittest yo!... It brought me through  
My crew (talk) we're ready to strike trained for the mission  
So believe the hype and sweat it (sweat it) cause you're gonna  
Regret it the day that you dissed us you'll wish you never met us  
You remind me of a real short story one hit record and you  
Star to bore me get ready cause this is it your crew is  
Through and we too legit to quit... Sang!...  
  
Chorus  
  
Too legit... Too legit to quit... Too legit... Too legit to quit  
Too legit... Too legit to quit... Too legit... Too legit to quit  
Get buck... Get buck... Get buck... Get buck... Get buck... (many times)  
  
My people we don't know defeat we crush the strong and  
Percolate the weak daily (everyday) we make our moves to  
Improve our groove because we love to rule where we  
Lay yo!... (Yo!) work and play we started at the bottom and  
Now we're leading the way and yea!... (yea!) I'm havin a fit kickin it  
At the top because I'm too legit to quit... Sang!...  
  
Chorus  
  
Hey... Hey... Hey... Hey... Too legit to quit... Too legit to quit...  
We're rolling on... We're rolling on... We're rolling on... We're rolling
on...  
He's on top... He's on top... He's on top... He's on top...  
Goin to burn it up... Goin to burn it up... Goin to burn it up...  
Goin to burn it up...  
Too legit to quit... Too legit to quit  
We're rollin on... Hey... Hey... Hey... Too legit.  
  
Chorus to fade

