I don't know when we fell apart  
The love that we had was like a work of art  
I used to see Heaven in your eyes  
The angels have fallen from your skies  
Things we said were so wrong  
And I haven't held you for so long  
My foolish pride turns me inside  
Why did we tell all those lies?  
You can reach for the phone  
You don't have to be alone  
  
Outside the winter seems so cold  
Your heart is frozen like the snow  
And there's no one home to keep you safe and warm  
Your eyes are red because you've cried  
You fell asleep by the fireside  
But there's one thing you should know  
On this Christmas baby  
You don't have to be alone...  
  
And I had only one wish on my list, oh  
For me you would be the perfect gift, oh yeah  
There's nothing colder than an empty home, oh no (empty home)  
And holidays were never meant to be alone, oh (to be alone)  
The smiles we gave when our hearts were safe  
By each other's love and warmth  
That's subsided now with happiness around  
If I can only find the way to your heart...  
  
Outside the winter seems so cold (so cold, so cold)  
Your heart is frozen like the snow (frozen like the snow, oh so cold)  
And there's no one home to keep you safe and warm (no one home,keep you safe
and warm yeah)  
Your eyes are red because you've cried (you've cried)  
You fell asleep by the fireside (by the fireside)  
But there's one thing you should know (one thing you should know)  
On this Christmas baby  
You don't have to be alone...yeah, uh  
  
You don't (no, no) have to be alone  
You don't have to be (no, no) all alone at home  
Ohhhh... on Christmas...  
You don't (you don't) have to be alone...  
You don't have to be...(alone) alone  
You don't have to be alone  
  
Outside the winter seems so cold (so cold, sing it baby)  
Your heart is frozen like a storm (frozen like a storm yeah... like a storm)  
And there's no one home (no one home) to keep you safe and warm (to keep you
safe and warm)  
You don't have to be alone  
Your eyes are red because you've cried (you've cried)  
You fell asleep by the fireside (by the fireside)  
But there's one thing you should know (one thing you should know)  
On this Christmas baby, you don't have to be.... Alone.... Yeah...

