Yes, well it's a beautiful day.  
It's gon' be a beautiful night.  
Break out the champagne.  
Everybody get a glass.  
Let's start it off sexy.  
Whatta ya say.  
  
Uh, and all the ladies say, ah.  
And all the ladies say.  
I think I like that.  
And all the ladies say, uh  
Now if you livin' that life the way you livin'  
You can't live it no other way  
I need you to put a bottle in the air right now  
Welcome to the champagne life.  
Where trouble is a bubble in the champagne glass.  
Dreams and reality are one and the same.  
Don't act like you don't know the name  
And we gon' do it like this.  
Let's go  
  
Oh, got an addiction for life and this livin'.  
Like every day's my birthday, know what I'm gettin'.  
And reserved for top notch, that's where I'm sittin'.  
Me and my friends and, found six miss independents.  
And my attitude's so chill and so breezy.  
In my designer suit I make this look easy.  
Sexy baby, don't you dare act like you don't see me.  
Baby I know you see me.  
  
It's all about them fast car nights and them big bold days.  
Livin' this champagne life, everything's okay.  
Let's toast it up.  
Oh, let's toast it up, oh.  
  
Said we play all night, and we play all day.  
Livin' this champagne life, everything's okay.  
Let's toast it up.  
Oh, baby let's toast it up.  
Oh, champagne life.  
  
I got penthouse property on cloud nine.  
I got the sun jealous, 'cause the way I shine.  
And reserved for top notch, that's how I do mine.  
A nice meal and a good wine.  
Definition of a good time.  
Livin' out my dreams, watchin' 'em come true.  
Baby I'm a boss, I don't know what they do.  
And if you're down to ride, come on and I'll take you.  
I know you want me to take you.  
  
To where it's all about them fast car nights and them big bold days.  
Livin' this champagne life, everything's okay.  
Let's toast it up.  
Oh, everybody let's toast it up, ooh.  
  
Said could we play all night, and we play all day.  
Livin' this champagne life, everything's okay.  
Let's toast it up.  
Oh, baby let's toast it up.  
Oh oh oh oh.  
Champagne Life.  
  
Everybody wants to live  
Oh, where dreams reality one in the same  
You won't live it, you got to love it  
It's part of the game  
Alright everybody put your drinks down, put your drinks down  
  
Hey.  
We don't even clap the same when we livin' that champagne life.  
Sexier than a regular clap.  
Oh it's a party.  
Reserved for top notch.  
Let's bring it back.  
  
Oh, (hey) said it's all about them fast car nights  
And them big bold days.  
Livin' this champagne life, everything's okay.  
So let's toast it up.  
Oh, and everybody let's toast it up, ooh woo.  
  
So, could we play all night, (play all night) and we play all day (play all
day)  
Livin' this champagne life, (champagne life) everything's okay.  
Let's toast it up. Oh, baby let's toast it up.  
Oh, champagne life.  
Oh, if you're livin' that, that champagne life, say, oh  
And if you're livin' that, that champagne life, say, oh  
Said if you're livin' that, that champagne life, say, oh  
If you're livin' that, that champagne life, say, oh

