[Verse 1: Nicki Minaj]  
I am not Jasmine, I am Aladdin  
So far ahead, these bums is lagging  
See me in that new thing, bums is gagging  
I'm starting to feel like a dungeon dragon  
Raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon  
I'm starting to feel like a dungeon dragon  
Look at my show footage, how these girls be spazzin'  
So fuck I look like getting back to a has-been  
Yeah, I said it, has-been, hang it up, flatscreen  
Plasma, hey Nicki, hey Nicki, asthma  
I got the pumps, it ain't got medicine  
I got bars, sentencing  
I'm a bad bitch, I'm a cunt  
And I'll kick that ho, punt  
Forced trauma, blunt  
You play the back, bitch, I'm in the front  
You need a job, this ain't cutting it  
Nicki Minaj is who you ain't fucking with  
You lil' Fraggle Rock, I beat you with a pad-a-lock  
I am a movie, camera block  
You outta work, I know it's tough  
But enough is enough  
  
[Hook]  
Raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon  
Raah, raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon  
Raah, raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon  
Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon  
  
[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]  
I eat your face off  
You niggas sweet as pie like this is a bake-off  
I love Nicki's curves, swing at the baseball!  
(Skrr! ) I'll beat your brakes off  
Hi, I'm Tune, salt in the wound  
I'm up in this bitch - pardon the goons!  
Throw dirt on the floor get caught in the broom  
I like a big wet pussy with a fork and a spoon  
I got the money and the power, a woman in the shower  
And she don't want nothing but my Johnson - Howard  
Sour Dies in the Swisher Sweet - sweet and sour  
You're scared? Go to church, say your prayers, read a Bible  
Ah! I don't know what y'all on - please  
I go in like "goin"  
Drink in my hand with the world in the other  
The Uzi go "brrrr" - stutter  
Life is a puzzle - jigsaw  
All I do is win - my name should be "Victor"  
Haha! Old-ass rappers  
I'm still the shit! Old-ass Pampers  
Raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon  
Foie gras, I hear you ducks is quackin  
I was just dumpin my ashes, I'mma puff it and pass it  
I'm a fuckin assassin, you should jump in the casket!  
  
[Hook]  
Raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon  
Raah, raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon  
Raah, raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon  
Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon  
  
[Verse 3: Nicki Minaj]  
Is this the thanks that I get for putting you bitches on?  
Is it my fault that all of you bitches gone?  
Shoulda sent a thank-you note, you little ho  
Now I'mma wrap your coffin with a bow  
"Nicki, she's just mad cause you took the spot"  
Word, that bitch mad cause I took the spot?  
Well, bitch, if you ain't shitting, then get off the pot  
Got some niggas out in Brooklyn that'll off your top  
I hear them mumbling, I hear the cackling  
I got 'em scared, shook, panicking  
Overseas, church, Vatican  
You at a standstill, mannequin  
You wanna sleep on me? Overnight?  
I'm the motherfucking boss, overwrite  
And when I pull up, vroom, motorbike  
Now all my niggas getting buck, overbite  
I see them dusty-ass Filas, Levi's  
Raggedy Ann, holes in your knee-highs  
I call the play, now do you see why?  
These bitches calling me Manning Eli  
Manning Eli, these bitches calling me Manning Eli!

