Nina simone, gilbert o'sullivan  
  
I remember this afternoon  
When my sister came into the room  
She refused to say how my father was  
But i knew he'd be dying soon.  
  
And i was oh so glad, and it was oh so sad  
That i realized that i despised this man i once called father.  
In his hanging on, with fingers clutching  
His body now just eighty-eight pounds  
Blinded eyes still searching  
For some distant dream that had faded away at the seams.  
Dying alone, naturally.  
  
I was his favourite child, i had him a little while  
Just as long as i could play the piano and smile a little smile  
Just when i needed him most, he was already a ghost  
And for all my life there where promises and they always have been broken  
  
Leaving me alone with all my troubles  
Not ever once touching me and saying  
"daugther, i'll help you get over."  
Now he's fadig away and i'm glad to say,  
He's dying at last. naturally.  
  
It's a very sad thing to see that my mother with all her heart  
Believes the words that the bible said "til death do us two part".  
For her that was forever and ay, he decided her night and day  
How could some english words so small affect someone so strangely?  
  
Taking her away from us, her soul included  
She might es well be gone with him, all the children are excluded.  
Loneliness is hell, i know so well,  
For i'm alone. naturally.  
  
I waited three weeks for him to die  
I waited three weeks for him to die  
Every night he was calling on me  
I wouldn't go to him.  
I waited three weeks for him to die  
Three weeks for him to die.  
  
And after he died, after he died  
Every night i went out, every night i had a flight.  
It didn't matter who it was with  
'cos i knew what it was about.  
And if you could read between lines, my dad and i close as flies.  
I loved him then and i loved him still, that's why my heart's so broken.  
  
Leaving me to doubt god in his mercy  
And if he really does exist then why does he desert me?  
When he passed away i smoked and drank all day,  
Alone. again. naturally.  

