Lyrics and Music: Me'ir Ariel  
Translated by Noa  
  
Upon release, the doctors recommended a monthly  
Visit to the aviation pier,  
It does me good to see a big steel bird  
Taking off through a transparent tear  
So now I'm feeling better, less pressure on  
The laundered eye, a little less to fear.  
  
I choose a positive afternoon,  
The airport's straight ahead  
I tell myself on the way down there:  
"could this be another addiction to dread?"  
Myself replies, with a glimmer in her eyes:  
"we could always do push-ups instead".  
  
Terminal, je t'aime, I love you terminal, bella mia.  
  
The doors guess my intentions  
And slide to let me in  
I take my steppin' slowly  
With a ritual back-side swing,  
Intercontinental jive  
Is live and tickling  
  
I gotta calm down in the lavatoire  
I look into the mirror, a maniac looks back  
Terminal's a chick like all chicks are  
I know at least a dozen girls like that  
  
She's standing there, with her short cropped hair,  
Like something suspicious aboard swissair  
A real bomb-shell,  
Her earring hook,  
The security guard gives her penetrating look.  
  
Terminal, je t'aime, I love you terminal, bella mia.  
  
I gotta find a flight, but I don't know how!  
Rome through zurich is leaving about now  
Polite pager lady telling me it's time  
Deep inside I've made up my mind  
  
Polite pager is getting uptight  
I gotta go upstairs and see my flight!  
Inside, my passion's burning bright!  
  
She's running now, she's flying high  
Taking off into the blood-red sky  
Reflected in this tearful joker's eyes  
  
Terminal, je t'aime, I love you terminal, bella mia.  
  
It's all a joke, I say to me  
Then suddenly I hear the boom!  
Explosion tears the sky apart  
A panicked flurry fills the room  
And so I turn and take a bow  
I think I'm feeling better now.  
  
Upon release, the doctors recommended a monthly  
Visit to the aviation pier,  
It really does me good to see a big steel bird  
Take off through a transparent tear,  
After that the pressure's not so bad  
There's so much less to fear

