Don't you ever wonder why, nothing ever seems to change  
If it does it's for the worse, seems it's just a modern curse  
Sometimes when I take a peek outside of my little cage,  
Everyone looks so asleep, will they die before they wake  
And, hey. . . Don't you know? We're just products of our time and Hey . . .  
What d'ya say? Show me yours, I'll show you mine  
Better dumb and happy than smart and without any friends  
Better cute and better loud, better join up with the crowd  
Keep up or be left behind, there's a dust storm in my mind  
Seems I can't see straight these days, doesn't matter anyway  
Hey . . . Don't you know? We're just products of our times and  
Hey, what d'ya say? Show me yours, I'll show you mine  
Hey, what d'ya say? Hey, what d'ya say? Please don't ever -  
Oh God, here's that question now. The one that makes me go insane  
I'd gladly tear my heart out if you never, never, never, never change  
Do you want to change? Do you want to change right now?  
Do you want to change . . . I like my stupid life, just the way it is  
And I wouldn't even change it for a thousand flying pigs  
And I like you just the way you are, I like your face just the way it is  
And I wouldn't even change it for a herd of screaming kids  
And I like you just the way you are, I like you though you may not like me
back  
I would dazzle you with brilliance, if I only had the knack  
'Cause I like you just the way you are, I like this life just the way it is  
And the castles all around me, have been melting now for years  
And it kills my brain to think of all the time I wasted here  
All the efforts, sweat, and broken hearts, the screaming and the tears  
And I'm dreaming again . . . Floating in a pool of mud  
Try to get back where I was and I don't really care  
Got a little talking to, by the mirror in my room, and I don't really care . .
.  
Whispering voices from the dead, come from underneath my bed  
And I don't really care . . .  
I like my stupid life just the way it is  
And the chaos that surrounds me like a flock of screaming pigs  
And it hurts my brain to think of all the stupid things I've said  
And if I could change the future I would change the past instead  
And I'm dreaming again . . . and I'm dreaming again . . .  
Baby - sometimes I worry about you  
Sometimes you're so far away, tell me what to do  
I say, Baby . . . sometimes I worry about you  
Sometimes I just can't believe everything you do  
I say, Baby . . . sometimes I worry about you  
Every day I feel the same, don't you feel it too  
I say, Baby . . . sometimes I worry about me  
Seems I'm falling down a lot, in between the scenes  
I say, Baby . . . sometimes I worry about me  
Getting harder all the time, harder now to see  
I say, Baby . . . sometimes I worry about me  
Light another cigarette, have another dream  
It's the same thing every day, nothing ever seems to change and I . . .  
Do you really want to change?  
Testaments and growing pains. Tranquilizers for the soul.  
Nothing ventured, nothing gained - evolution's cruelest joke  
Why is everyone upset? I once knew but I forget. Something happened,  
Something strange, something it appears has changed  
Hey . . . Don't you know? We're just products of our times  
And hey, what d'ya say? Show me yours, I'll show you mine  
Hey, what d'ya say? Hey, what d'ya say? Please don't ever -  
Oh God, here's that question now, the one that makes me go insane  
I'd gladly tear my heart out if you never, never, never, never change  
  

