Hey, I've got a commentary without much to say  
You know those damn kids drive me crazy every day  
But all I ever think is something to complain...  
And I wish that they would all just go away  
'Cause all I really want is to be just like them  
Just wanna be just like them...  
Just wanna be just like them...  
Just wanna be them.  
Hey, I've got a commentary without much to say  
If you forgive me I'll be getting on my way  
And I forgot the whole damn point of this whole song  
And I'm complaining now, complaining for so long...  
For so long...  
For so long...  
I really want all those things that I can't have  
All I really want is to have you so bad.  
Hey, Those stupid kids have really gotten out of hand  
And now I think it's time we all take up a stand  
And then together we will raise our voices high...  
Our voices high...  
Our voices high.  
Hey, though at this moment I can't think of what we'd say  
I guess we really want to be just like them...  
Just want to be just like them...  
Just want to be just like them.  
Hey, I've really thought a thousand times about this day  
I've been expecting it in each and every way  
The possibilities preoccupy my mind  
And I'm so fortunate to be so very kind...  
So very kind...  
So very kind.  
What I really want is all those things that I can't have  
What I really want is to have you so bad  
I'm so jealous I can barely see straight from my head  
And it burns from the inside 'til I wish I was dead.  
Please, mama don't be angry with me.  
Please, papa don't be angry with me.  
And I'm so sick and tired of all those stupid things you say  
And this monkey sitting on my back won't go away  
And I'm standing here with my dick in my hand  
Waiting for an invitation to the promised land.  
Please, mother don't be angry with me.  
Please, father don't be angry with me.  
Hey, I've got a commentary without much to say  
And all those damn kids drive me crazy every day  
But all I ever think is something to complain...  
To complain...  
To complain.  
Hey, I really wish that they would all just go away  
'Cause all I really want to be just like them  
Just wanna be just like them...  
And I'm so sick and tired of all those stupid things you say  
And this monkey sitting on my back just won't go away  
And I'm standing here with my dick in my hand  
Waiting for an invitation to the promised land.  
Please, mother don't be angry with me.  
  

