Now, everybody tells you're the dog's best friend  
I'm the cat's meow since I don't know when  
I'm an instigator from a dead man's town  
So when did the whole world turn upside down?  
When did you change your mind?  
When did you lose the juice?  
Now, where did you get your attitude?  
When did you give it away?  
What did the old man say?  
And how many babies did you kick today?  
Now, how many nights can the full moon shine?  
How many bottles of water can you turn to wine  
When the blood has flowed against the tides of time  
And the water flows forever? Hey, hey, hey  
Now, I'm gonna build a boat, I'm gonna make it float  
'Cause I'm getting the chase for a faraway place  
Gonna set the sail, gonna catch some wind  
And the big red sky's gonna be my only friend  
With a boat for two, just me and you  
You can be my teacher, I can teach you too  
Gonna try a few things that I've never done  
Maybe talk to the fishes, maybe have some fun  
Maybe shake my pale fist at the angry stars  
While I dance a jig under the eyes of Mars  
When we get to an island where no one's ever been  
We can get down and dirty in our animal skins  
And I stand with my thing hanging out in the wind  
Where the water's sweet like honey  
Hey, hey, yeah, hey, hey, yeah, yeah, hey, now  
I've been feeling a chill, from the East wind blue  
Is it creeping up slow, have you felt it too?  
Have you noticed the look, have you felt the feel?  
Did it make you blush when the piggy squealed?  
Have you heard what they say, did you read the news?  
Said, the old man's coming home a singing the blues  
Gonna whack your fanny, gonna tan your hide  
Make your ears turn red and make you gonna cry  
Now, well, how many children gonna lose their minds  
How many crying girls will be left behind?  
When the dead start walking and the full moon shines  
When the dead start walking and the full moon shines  
When the dead start walking and the full moon shines  
When the dead start walking and the full moon shines  
When the dead start walking, yeah  
Now, everybody sing to the heavens above  
And everybody dance to the sounds of love  
Won't you clack your teeth, won't you smack your hands?  
Won't you dig your little heads right out of the sand?  
Won't you jiggle your butt, won't you wave your arms?  
Won't you look like you just came off of the farm?  
Won't you stop your fighting for a second or two?  
Won't you help your neighbors, won't you do the do?  
Won't you taste the sugar, won't you eat the cake?  
Won't you get your ugly mug right out of my face?  
Won't you tell your brothers and your sisters tonight  
That you tasted the water and the water was right?  
Won't you taste the sugar, won't you dance the dance?  
Won't you wake up? Please and come on out of your trance  
Everybody make believe that you disappear  
For a second or two, gonna feel so queer  
And you left behind all your rage and fear  
And it made you feel like water  

