Caroline!(Caroline!) Caroline!  
All the guys would say she's mighty fine(Mighty fine!)  
But mighty fine only got you somewhere half the time  
And the other half either got you cussed out, or coming up short.  
Yeah, now dig this, even though(Even though!)  
You'd need a golden calculator to divide(To divide!)  
The time it took to look inside and realize that  
Real guys go for real down to Mars girls, yeah!  
  
[Chorus x2]  
I know you'd like to think your shit don't stink  
But lean a little bit closer  
See that roses really smell like poo-poo-oo  
Yeah, roses really smell like poo-poo-oo  
  
Caroline!(Caroline!) See she's the reason for the word "bitch"(Bitch!)  
I hope she's speeding on the way to the club  
Trying to hurry up to get to some  
Baller or singer or somebody like that  
And try to put on her makeup in the mirror  
And crash, crash, craaash.. into a ditch! (Just Playing!)  
She needs a golden calculator to divide  
The time it takes to look inside and realize that  
Real guys go for real down to Mars girls, yeah!  
  
[Chorus x2]  
  
Well she's got a hotty's body, but her attitude is potty  
When I met her at a party she was hardly acting naughty  
I said, "Shorty, would you call me?"  
She said "Pardon me, are you ballin'?"  
I said "Darling, you sound like a prostitute pursing"  
Oh so you're one them freaks, get geeked at the sight of an ATM receipt  
But game, been peeped, dropping names she's weak  
Trickin' off this bitch is lost  
Must take me for a geek, ah, quick way to eat,  
Ah, neat place sleep, ah, rent-a-car for a week, ah, trick for a treat..Noo  
Go, on the raw sex, my AIDS test is flawless  
Regardless, we don't want to get involved without our lawyers  
And judges, just to hold grudges in the courtroom,  
I want to see ya support bra not support you!  
  
[Chorus x4]  
  
Better come back down to Mars  
Girl, quit chasin' cars  
What happens when the dough get so low  
Bitch, you ain't that fine  
No waaay...no waaay...noo waaaaay  
  
Better come back down to Mars  
Girl, quit chasin' cars  
What happens when the dough get so low  
Bitch, you ain't that fine  
No waaay...no waaay...noo waaaaay  
  
Crazy Bitch  
  
Bitch,  
Stupid ass bitch,  
Old punk ass bitch,  
Old dumbass bitch,  
A bitch's bitch,  
Just a bitch  
  
Stupid ass bitch,  
Old punk ass bitch,  
Old dumbass bitch,  
A bitch's bitch,  
Just a bitch

