My name is Cupid Valentino, the modern day Cupid  
And I just want to say one thing  
Happy Valentine's Day  
Every day the 14th!  
I don't think y'all heard me!  
I just wanna say Happy Valentine's Day!  
Every day the 14th!  
Can y'all dig that?  
Now when arrows don't penetrate, see  
Cupid grabs the pistol (Uh, yeah, now, now lookie here!)  
And he shoots straight for your heart  
And when he won't miss you!  
That's alright 'cause y'all won't believe in me anyways  
But..  
Ya won't believe in me, but you would fancy  
Leprechauns or groundhogs  
No thank you, Easter Bunny!  
(There's all this talk about Santa Claus, but see  
Love will rule reign supreme)  
Happy Valentine's Day  
Every day the 14th! (You got it!)  
When Cupid knocks at your door  
You can't ignore me!  
There's no need to run!  
So, Happy Valentine's Day (Hey!)  
Every day the 14th!  
I may have it all wrong, see  
If you know what loves mean, well  
Well, somebody tell me!  
'cause they just don't believe in me!  
Ya' won't believe in me, but you would fancy  
Leprechauns or groundhogs  
No thank you, Easter Bunny!  
(There's so much fuss about Santa Claus, but see  
Cupid will not be defeated!)  
Happy Valentine's Day  
Every day the 14th!  
Now I know your hearts have grown cold  
And that bothers me  
Now I understand 'cause I use to be a bad boy in my day  
I know you're trying to protect your lil' feelings  
But you can't run away  
Oooh ooh!  
Ya' won't believe in me, but you would fancy..  
(Hey! Don't you supposed to be some kind of player or something?)  
Bunny!  
Well keep on runnin', player  
'Cause I got my good shoes on  
And I got 'em tied up tight  
So, you're going to find out tonightttttttttt!  
Got a sweet lil' darling back in my corner  
Below I know I love her, but act like I don't want her  
Surrounded by the lonely, but yet feel like a loner  
Could be an organ donor  
The way I give up my heart, but  
Never know because - shit, I never tell her!  
Ask me about my feelings I'd holla' that it's irrela'  
I don't get myself caught up in the Jello gella'  
And puddin' pops, that others opt to call falling in love, but  
For the record, have you ever rode a horse?  
Would I like for you to take me to Pluto?  
I said, "Of course!"  
But if you ain't a sweety indeedy, I won't endorse  
Hans Solo till I'm hit by the bullet, so may the force  
Be with you, and I'll hit you when better time permits  
For now, give me examples of why you're the shit!  
But how am I to know with the profession that I'm in?  
And if you do not know me, then how could you be my friend?  
Happy Valentine's, Happy Valentine's  
Happy Valentine's Day, Happy Valentine's Day  
[Continue Chorus until fade]

