Its always fair weather,  
When hep cats get together!  
And every time they meet,  
Heres the way youll hear them greet (greet!)  
A hubba-hubba-hubba Hello Dad!  
  
Well a hubba-hubba-hubba, I just got back!  
Well a hubba-hubba-hubba, lets shoot some breeze!  
Say, whatever happened to the Japanese?  
Hmm a hubba-hubba-hubba, haven't you heard?  
A hubba-hubba-hubba, slip me the word!  
  
I got it from a guy who was in the kno  
It was mighty smoky over Tokyo!  
A friend of mine in a B-29 dropped another load for luck,  
As he flew away, he was heard to say:  
"A hubba-hubba-hubba yuk yuk!"  
  
Well I gotta go fishin  
That's ok, well give you our permission and well say,  
A hubba-hubba-hubba, on your way!  
And I will dig you later in the usa!  
Ta dah dah dee dee dee ta dee dee, ta dah dah hi hi hi tee dee dee!  
  
A hubba-hubba-hubba, I just got in!  
A hubba-hubba-hubba, well give me some skin!  
Well youre lookin mighty purdy Miss Curly Locks!  
I'm the grand old girly of the bobby socks!  
Hmm yuttata yuttata yuttaton you talk big!  
Well I'm the fresh tomata you can't dig!  
Lets have a heart to hearta and youll decide!  
I'm a chick what's really on the solid side!  
  
You knock me flat, youre the kind of a cat,  
Makes me wanta blow my top: " till the end of time . . . " (Aaaaah!)  
  
And if you feel that way, tell me what you say?  
A hubba-hubba-hubba muk muk!  
  
Well now youre really talkin, youre no square!  
You can't be from Weehawken. ..  
Hmm hmm Delaware!  
  
You got a line of jive that's really zoo!  
Well Ill dig you later, baby youre all root!  
  
Youre the kind of cat, wears a sharp cravat,  
And you really know your stuff!  
  
If you feel that way, tell me what you say?  
A hubba-hubba-hubba ruff ruff!  
  
A getta long a little mousy with the great big eyes,  
Well if youre lookin for a spousey,  
Why youre just my size!  
  
Mister how you love to blubber  
With that knock out squawk,  
Seems your lips are made of rubber  
Every time you talk!  
  
Oh no, no, no, hubba-hubba!  
  
Yes, yes, yes, hubba-hubba!  
  
Bop, bop, bop, hubba-hubba!  
A what you kno (A what you kno)  
A what you say (A what you say)  
I say Ill dig you later baby in the usa!  
  
Music by Jimmy Mchugh  
With lyrics by Harold Adamson. 1945

