[Intro]  
Oh Yeah!  
  
[Verse 1]  
If you're looking for fun baby we're a shoo-in  
But we're a little young to be doin' what we're doin', yeah!  
We can do anything, we can go anywhere  
We got our pockets full of rockets and we're loaded for bear  
Oh yeah!  
  
[Pre-Chorus]  
Not talkin' 'bout a mundane day of the week  
This ain't double-dutch, kick the can, hide 'n' seek or hopscotch  
So get yourself a platypus and a Dean guitar  
Cause if you think this summer's been great so far just watch!  
We'll kick it up a notch!  
  
[Chorus]  
(Kick it up a notch) It's just what we're gonna do!  
(Gonna kick it up a notch) Take it up a level or two!  
(Kick it up a notch) Yeah, I know where we're gonna go!  
'Cause everybody knows summer rocks but now we're ready to roll!  
  
(Solo)  
  
[Verse 2]  
Summertime and the sky is blue  
We can do anything we set our minds to!  
We got heads full of dreams and sneakers full of feet!  
The world is our oyster and life is tastin' sweet!  
  
[Pre-Chorus]  
We're takin' off like we're in a super sonic jet  
But if you think we've gone about as high as we can get just watch!  
We're gonna kick it up a notch!  
  
[Chorus]  
(Kick it up a notch)Oh man you know that it's true!  
(Kick it up a notch, kick it up a notch) We're gonna push on through!  
(Kick it up a notch, kick it up a notch) We're not content to go with the flow  
'Cause everybody knows summer rocks but now we're ready to roll!  
Alright Slash let's roll!  
  
(Slash rocks awesome solo.)  
  
[Bridge]  
(Kick it up a notch) Yeah, crankin' up the evil!  
(Kick it up a notch) I'll cause political upheaval!  
(Kick it up a notch) Yeah, I'm gonna get medieval on you!  
  
[Chorus]  
(Kick it up a notch) Yeah this is our debut!  
(Kick it up a notch, kick it up a notch) Can't wait to read the review!  
(Kick it up a notch, kick it up a notch) Yeah I can feel it down in my soul.  
Cause everybody knows summer rocks and now we're ready to roll!  
  
(Kick it up a notch) It's just what we're gonna do!  
(Kick it up a notch, kick it up a notch) Take it up a level or two!  
(Kick it up a notch, kick it up a notch) I know where we're gonna go  
'Cause everybody knows summer rocks and now we're ready to roll!  
  
(Kick it up a notch)Oh man you know it's true!  
(Kick it up a notch, kick it up a notch) We're gonna push on through!  
(Kick it up a notch, kick it up a notch) Not gonna go with the flow.  
'Cause everybody knows summer rocks but now we're ready to roll!

