What what what what YEEEAAA!  
Pitbull in this! This Lil Jon Chekin in, where my T golds at!  
  
[Chorus:]  
Twentyfo's on my truck that's nasty  
They spin when you stop that's nasty  
Twentyfo's on my truck that's nasty  
They spin when you stop that's nasty  
  
WHAT WHAT AAAA LETS GO!  
  
Pitbull's chillin' the bottom wit no deals  
If them boys talk a lot then its no reals  
Shimmya why'all shimmy yay shimmy yayo  
Catch me wit picolo riding on them thangs  
Word of mouf there's a drought on the streets  
So who ever sitting on them k's is looking at some cheezle  
But don't let them boys find out where the safe house is at  
And if its where you lay your head, what kinda safe house is that!  
You don't deserve to hold weight you deserve to get robbed  
Your the first to turn state  
Those who got snitched on relate to  
No matter what you do heffer damn gon' hate ya  
That's just mother nature  
Ain't she a mother  
I know these bitches named bullets and they loved to date ya  
Or better said they love to rape ya  
From the bottom to A-town the game is ours now!  
  
[Chorus:]  
  
WHAT WHAT AAAA LETS GO!  
  
I from the land where you name it everything's crooked  
Watch what you do 'cause, everything's looking  
Man these streets got ears and eyes  
And they want to know its all who what when and whyz  
So when you see me on them twenty fours spinning  
You know the cut me a serious check  
But for now I'm still grindin' fiending for a legging  
That's some serious shit ya  
I'm involved in some serious shit ya  
I'm like TI,I'm serious bitch  
I'm giving Miami a facelift  
Why'all just face it  
Don't believe its wrong just taste it  
  
[Chorus:]  
  
WHAT WHAT AAAA LETS GO!  
  
When I came in Mami you know you nasty  
Them bitch ass niggaz want to blast me  
Still punkn' gettin' crunked off that crunk juice  
Hatin' 'cause your girl on me and she hate you  
We gotta do nigga what cutlass dropped down on d'z  
If you pump it relocate your soul from the streets  
Remember me lil g A-town to the O [OOOO]  
If you ain't got no money I'm a get some from your hoe  
What you hate dawg? my dawg got rhymes on singing  
Get your hatin dawg, my twentyfo's keep spinning  
G'z up and whateva F down!  
Not a gat bring some money oh really? go act a clown  
Lay it up pimp get shot to the head  
But why'all want my cutlass now I just want yo bread  
Sport a lil platinum be -see and be -be  
I'm thug nigga and you know this to the be !  
  
Don't hate the, the playa  
Don't hate the, the game  
Don't hate the, the playa  
Don't hate the, the game  
  
WHAT WHAT AAAA LETS GO!  
  
[Chorus:]

