This song's about a high class model,  
Over in Paris, France (Oh, Cindy C)  
If I get a camera,  
Tell me will you dance (will you play with me?)  
If I take a picture,  
In the middle of the night (Oh, Cindy C)  
Will you fuck with me,  
Sugar, say it's alright, c'mon (will you play with me?)  
(Say it, say it)  
  
(Cindy see, play with me)  
(I will pay the usual fee)  
Cindy see, (What's it gonna be?)  
Will you play with me? (What's it gonna be?)  
(Cindy see, play with me)  
(I will pay with usual fee)  
Cindy see, (What's it gonna be?)  
I'll pay the fee (Cindy C)  
  
Super-fine heifer (super fine)  
I saw you in the Vogue  
I knew you would be trouble, (trouble, trouble)  
But why go (go,go)  
I'll give you seven sips of  
Elderberry wine (one, two, three, four, five, six, seven)  
Maybe we'll unlock the  
Secrets of your mind  
  
(Cindy see, play with me)  
(I will pay the usual fee)  
Cindy see, (What's it gonna be?)  
Will you play with me? (What's it gonna be?)  
(Cindy see, play with me)  
(I will pay with usual fee)  
Cindy see, (What's it gonna be?)  
I'll pay the fee (Cindy C)  
  
The passion's in the mix. (Serve it up, Sheila)  
Drink it quick, Cindy, shit  
Where'd you get that beauty mark?  
Maybe you and I should be undressing  
  
Don't all girls look the same? They don't?  
Oh, what a shame.  
Cindy, Cindy. I'll pay the usual fee  
What's the matter, don't you like me?  
  
(help me tell me what it's all about)  
  
I'm talking about a long [crucial wait](Cindy see Listen  
Girl, if I have to beg (She's so tired)  
I'm gonna see you in (Look at me)  
Your birthday suit tonight (She doesn't look as good as I do)  
I'm sure you're quite intelligent (you think she does, but think again. See?)  
A whiz at math and all that shit (how 'bout that?)  
But I'm, I'm a tad more interested (Ah ha ha look it,)  
(She can't even walk in those shoes)  
(I can walk better than that)  
In flyin' your kite tonight (She can't even dance)  
Cindy, is that alright? (I would give somethin' to know)  
(how she ever sees anyone)  
(Cindy C)  
Oh Cindy see, will you play with me?  
I'll pay the usual fee  
  
Two organ solos to go  
  
(Oh Cindy see, Oh Cindy see, Oh Cindy see, Oh Cindy C)  
(Oh Cindy see, Oh Cindy see, Yeah, Oh Cindy see, oh Cindy C)  
(Oh Cindy see, Oh, oh, Oh Cindy C)  
(Oh Cindy see, Will you play with me?)  
(Oh Cindy see, I will pay the fee)  
(Ah Cindy see, Will you play with me?)  
(Ah Cindy see, I will pay the fee)  
  
Help me (shit)  
  
Excuse my savior faire,  
But, baby I'm dying to take you everywhere (Oh yeah?)  
I want to show you to my friends  
Because baby, you're the living end (Tell me now)  
Let me have a debt worth winning,  
I can feel your ice is thinning  
Like a frozen pond in spring  
Your furry melting thing awaits me  
Your furry melting thing awaits me, (Oh Cindy C)  
And my six-string (Will you play with me?)  
  
(Cindy, where are you?)  
C'mon Cindy (Oh my God)  
C'mon Cindy (Wait)  
Don't you want to play with me? (Ah, yes, no, wait)  
Don't you want to play with me? (Yes)  
What's the matter with me, Cindy? (Nothing)  
  
(shockadelica)  
  
Oh Cindy see, won't you play with me?  
  
Music is the key to set yourself free  
From depression, drugs and increasing poverty  
The key is to the lock, the lock is on the door  
The door has a knob that you've never turned before  
The jack, use the jack, it opens up the lock  
Cause there's the key to unlock the body  
Place it like that to open up the door  
The door to the house full of people galore  
The beat won't stop 'til the JM jocks  
And he jacks the box 'til the party rocks  
The clock tick-tocks and the place gets hot  
And believe it or not, all the troubles you forgot  
It's just that easy if you want it to be  
For all the fellas, and the young ladies  
So ease your mind and set yourself free  
To the mystifying music that we call Cindy see  
  
Oh Cindy see, won't you play with me?  
Oh Cindy see

