And just like that, we comes with the phat  
  
And just like that, we comes with the phat  
Crazy molecular structure that acts on that ass  
Like U know it's supposed 2  
Movin' more booties than a bull run past U  
Leavin' U with a brand new state of mind  
And by the time U figure it out, U wanna shout  
All your inhibitions U go'n do without  
  
(Don't U wanna feel good?) - And just like that, we come phat  
(Don't U wanna feel good?) - And just like flow, now U know  
(Don't U wanna feel good?) - And just like this, U get a kiss  
(Don't U wanna feel good?) - I gotsta feel good, feel good  
  
And just like flow, now U know  
Talkin' another 10 million every time they want this flow  
And it's good 2 go  
Cuz I don't check 4 critics if they checkin' 4 my ego  
So come 2 the show  
And bring your tape recorder cuz U oughta have a copy of the:  
Yo, wait a minute - no!  
In 1999 I'll be free, so:  
  
(Don't U wanna feel good?) - Just like that, we comes phat  
(Don't U wanna feel good?) - And just like flow, now U know  
(Don't U wanna feel good?) - Just like this, U get a kiss  
(Don't U wanna feel good?) - I gotsta feel good, huh, feel good  
  
Feel good [x2]  
Don't U wanna feel good?  
  
And just like this, U get a kiss  
And I got plenty others if U're on my list  
Santa get U all wet 'cept he's using snow  
I can make U slippery with the icicle, oh  
Check it out, check it out, check it out, we should go  
Down the main street of personality, baby  
I'll give U an ultimatum 4 a definite maybe  
But what I much rather know  
  
(Don't U wanna feel good?) - And just like that, we comes phat  
(Don't U wanna feel good?) - And just like flow, now U know  
(Don't U wanna feel good?) - Just like this, U get a kiss  
(Don't U wanna feel good?) - I gotsta feel good, huh, feel good  
  
(Don't U wanna feel good?) [repeat in BG]  
Feel good  
Don't U hear me, baby, talkin' about the feel good?  
Yeah, yeah, mm  
Now wait a minute  
  
(Don't U, don't U, don't, don't U wanna feel good?)  
  
U won't get cussed out, U won't get beat (Feel good)  
U can save your money and the sheet  
I'm just here 2 let U know, baby  
Anytime U wanna go  
We can come phat (Don't U wanna?)

