Dear Dad,  
Things didn't turn out quite like I wanted them to  
Sometimes I feel like I'm gonna explode  
  
Everybody want to see you down for the count  
But that ain't what being a real man's about  
The brave and the bold hang around for the kill  
So the bigger the hole, the bigger we fill it (fill it!)  
They can hit us with all they got  
But cha know what?  
What?  
  
I can't stop this feeling I got  
I feel it right down to my toes  
I can't stop this feeling I got  
My body got to have it you know  
I can't stop this feeling I got  
I'll write a letter to the whole world  
I can't stop this feeling I got  
Every man, woman, boy and girl  
  
Can't stop this feeling I got, I can't stop this feeling I got  
I can't stop this feeling I got, I can't stop this feeling I got  
  
I can't stop this feeling I got  
You know I can't sleep at night  
I can't stop, you know I love it a lot,  
I'm talking about an everlasting light.  
I can't stop this feeling I got  
I get to shaking all in my shoes  
I can't stop this feeling I got  
The doctor say there's nothing that he can do  
  
Can't stop this feeling I got, can't stop this feeling I got  
I can't stop this feeling I got, can't stop this feeling I got  
Keep on singing now  
  
Can't stop try to tell me how to paint my palace,  
That ain't where it's at,  
That's like trying to tell Columbus that the world is flat.  
If the song we're singing truly is the best  
Then that my brothers is the ultimate test  
All in favor say hey  
We can change anything at all.  
  
I, I, I can't stop. can't stop.  
I'm in a butt kicking mood tonight y'all  
Can't stop. can't stop.  
Can't stop this feeling I got [Repeat: x7]  
(no, no, no, no)  
Feeling, feeling, feeling, hey!  
Hey, pardon me for living, (pardon me for living)  
But this is my world, (this is my world)  
You can't make me change (you can't make me change)  
Maybe we all got to rearrange (rearrange)  
Our brains (our brains)  
  
Yeah, only we can change the world  
Only we can change the world  
Only we can change the world  
  
One, two, one, two, three  
I can't stop this feeling I got [Repeat: x3]  
Feeling, feeling, feeling, feeling, feeling, feeling, yeah!  
Yeah!

