[Chorus:]  
[Kelly]  
There's no way no way nowhere to go there's no way out  
There's no way no way nowhere to turn there's no way out  
  
[Puff talking over chorus]  
Yeah yeah uh huh no way out baby.  
You can't go nowhere ain't got nowhere to turn  
Yeah yeah ain't no way out.  
Ugh check this out  
  
[Verse 1 (Puff)]  
  
Ready to call it quits from all this shit  
Even resign from the niggas I been ballin' with  
I'm second guessing all this negative energy  
It's making me realize why niggas really envy me  
I feel no sympathy it's tight ill  
Plus I get slight chills when I write wills  
Tired of looking at these ugly niggas with ice grills  
No tellin' what I might feel about my glory  
2 sides to every story  
That's why I pray to God hoping that He reassure me  
The more the pain the more the game come with this territory  
I might dispose feelin' like my life been chose  
All I know in my life lotta ice and hoes  
When it's on  
My man there gat in his hand  
What you do when you got a master plan  
But half done ran  
Here's ya chance to prove you love 'em  
It's on and subbin'  
So hot it's feeling muggy. Really though.  
  
[Chorus:]  
[Puff over chorus]  
No matter how bad it gets. It could be worse. Ain't no way out  
I gotta live my life you know. You gave me the ends. No matter  
How bad it gets there ain't no way out no way out.  
  
[Verse 2 (Black Rob)]  
  
I feel like this approach me with beef ya done  
I shoot through pants no chance to pull for ya gun  
Man a lot of y'all cats can't stand that 1 on 1  
Wind up gettin' embarrassed ain't funny uh huh  
Despite the bullshit black still here  
Makin' hits down at Chelsea Bea's  
Via partaking flicks  
No matter what we have to  
Come strapped with our gats  
We don't want to  
But y'all make us act like that  
It's a thousand Bad Boy cats ready to blam you  
La Familia I steal ya I know how my fam' do  
Man handle tracks that be laced by Nas  
Rolex watch security straight from the Mosque  
Yo I'm all on my own G who should I trust  
niggas bust B. I. G. Now it seems they want us  
It's like no matter what I do  
I can't escape it  
Ain't no going around it so  
I'ma be a man and just face it  
  
[Chorus:]  
  
[Verse 3 (Puff)]  
  
It takes heart just to live in these streets  
You niggas lift the heat  
Take the bitter with the sweet  
They can't hurt me  
No more than they already did  
They killed Big in my heart he forever lives  
There's no way out  
Like you got Berrettas to my wig  
We were slugged then another blood  
Shed my ribs uhh  
Now the question is Will I survive?  
Nigga gotta make it home I gotta still provide  
And I get the vibe niggas wanna live to try  
Ain't no tellin' what this Bad Boy feel inside  
Blood hate the sweat pain be intensified  
I'm feelin' stranded as if I can't hitch a ride  
Now I tell my seed minimize the genocide  
Plus I'm dangerous so numb I feel painless  
And you know what you  
Tell them niggas who can't touch you  
You grab ya nuts and say muthafuck you!  
You invited got dones be indicted  
And if you kill me  
Me and Big reunited what nigga what nigga what nigga  
[Chorus over last line]

