Booty rappers posin' as gunclappers get bitch smacked...need to switch  
to bein'  
actors image is all ya after ho galacta in the lip the clappers and  
the clips will  
flip a flow like divine be turnin' tricks. Ima take mine wactha like  
when the beat  
come soft I leave darkness where there used to be your front teeth. I'm  
heartless  
when it comes to havin' the back of my partners yeah we artists but  
testin' us ain't  
the smartest. You can huff, puff, but blow me down I doubt it kid, or  
get yo' ass  
whooped behind what ya mouth did. You need more "Hail Mary's" than a  
catholic,  
yo ass ain't slick I'll mess your shit quick. I got connects, I get stuck  
like glue stand  
to the F you I had to make it so your parents forget you. Cause if I let  
you get  
over and then I pass you, think you can do it on a reg so Ima wreck you.  
  
CHORUS  
Elements that I'm among, these none. Fools be gettin' done, but over  
dumb  
reasons. y'all didn't Know. Elements that I'm among, these none. Betta  
check it out  
before you become one. Elements that I'm among, these none. Fools be  
gettin'  
done, but over dumb reasons. y'all didn't Know. Elements that I'm among,  
these  
none. Betta check it out before you become one.  
  
Now you said no tricks in '86 it's time to build, now we gone be pushin'  
'96 and  
niggas still gotta kill. Tryin to keep it real... but is it really real?  
If you could fly  
is it? Get between my legs, you fuckin kid you'd be the man but hold ya  
head.  
Because if a fifth was a fifth we all be drunk... nigga don't, put no  
yayo in my  
blunt. I just, want to bring the funk like a puma.. yo wannabe niggas is  
fired or be  
the ill reputed. You throw shade, I throw it too, more than you can  
chew... I get  
back at you, lyrically hack at you. I keep the facts here, I keep it  
real hell yeah, I  
keep the facts there, don't make me hate you like a papsmear, that's  
where, I get  
ticked, matter fact in the '96 I'm also pistol grip pump on my lap at  
all times shit.  
Niggas be on some black on black crime shit. And I can't let it slide  
cause I'm  
terrified that I might be the next homocide, the pound is on my side.  
  
CHORUS  
Elements that I'm among, these none. Fools be gettin' done, but over  
dumb  
reasons. y'all didn't Know. Elements that I'm among, these none. Betta  
check it out  
before you become one. Elements that I'm among, these none. Fools be  
gettin'  
done, but over dumb reasons. y'all didn't Know. Elements that I'm among,  
these  
none. Betta check it out before you become one.  
  
Niggas be all in my face like government be in my check, every time I  
pick up the  
mic and begin to wreck. But right now my job is more important than a  
nigga,  
I'm in to peace, its so tricky this ain't the way I figured. An evident  
I wasn't  
raised that way, we kicks a grip to stay that way, and I'm tryin' to  
stay "forever  
free," like AZ... baskin' in the riches of this hip hop M you S I C.  
'Cause when the  
east is in the house, "Oh My God!" Is right. I know girls that's givin'  
niggas fair  
fights, so you damn right. Ima stick up for mine, like a queen at a bee,  
and Ima  
get my own rhythm wihtout a "G". Hey, if ya kiddie come come, well ya  
need to  
run run, like a bee y'all get stomped, by my diggy dumps dumps, all  
because of ya  
tounge. And I'll be lampin' in the sun when the day is done.  
  
CHORUS  

