Uhn clap your hands everybody  
Can you feel it?  
Can you feel it?  
Ohh...  
  
Sun is shining now, nothing but blue sky  
The storm is gone away, here comes the perfect day  
Burdens are off my shoulder 'cause my struggle's over  
Climbed the mountains and we made it here  
  
Can you feel it? Can you feel it?  
Can you feel it? Can you feel it? Oh, yeah  
Can you feel it? Ooh, can you feel it, yeah?  
Can you feel it? Can you feel it, whoa, oh?  
Can you feel it? Yeah, yeah  
Can you feel it? Show your hands, let me feel it  
  
Wind is under me, 'bout to spread my wings  
Take off like a bird 'cause I've been set free  
Beating of the drums, can you hear it?  
I can feel the love and the spirit  
A long time coming, now we made it home  
  
Can you feel it? Can you feel it?  
Can you feel it? Can you feel it?  
Can you feel it? Can you feel it all around?  
Can you feel it like a strong wind waiting to move?  
Can you feel it? Oh, tell me can you?  
Can you feel it? Feel it, oh  
  
Started with a vision, it became a dream  
Now from a dream to reality  
Recognize with heaven on our team  
We can accomplish anything  
  
With desire to win in our hearts  
The war is already won  
And with the fire burning down in our souls  
Let it be done  
  
Well, let the gain touch the nations  
And represent peace  
Through all out the world  
Let the calling set us free  
  
All colors, all mankind  
This is the perfect time  
So blow your horns right now  
To the sky  
  
Can you feel it? Ooh, yeah, yeah  
Can you feel it? Can you feel it, whoa  
Can you feel it? Can you feel it?  
Can you feel it? Can you feel it? Can you feel it?  
  
Can you feel it? Can you feel it the victory in the air?  
Can you feel it? See the spirit of love is everywhere  
Can you feel it? We finally made it through somehow  
Can you feel it? So let's rejoice, the storm is over now  
  
Can you feel it? Blow, can you feel it? Come on and blow  
Can you feel it? Blow, can you feel it? Blow  
Can you feel it? Blow, can you feel it? Blow  
Can you feel it? Blow, can you feel it? Blow  
  
Can you feel it?

