Fa shizzle dizzle, its the big Neptizzle  
With the Snoopy D-O-Double Jizzle!  
(Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)  
C-walk to this (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)  
Yeah, C-walk to this (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)  
C-walk to this (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)  
  
Bam, boom, what you gone do cous'?  
Guess I'm rolling in with them baby blue chucks  
And I still got my khakis creased  
I'm still rocking on these beats, and got a bad rep on the streets  
Its the S-N-double-O-P, and, biggest dogg of 'em all  
And you's a flea, and  
And since I got time to drop it for you, I guess I must  
And give it to you mother fuckers like bust-a-bust  
I keep the heat on deck, but in God we trust  
And cant none of y'all, fuck wit us  
But you can run up on the G but that's not thinking wisely  
These pullas are contagious, just like Ron Isley  
(What the hell is going on? Someone's sleeping in my home)  
Snoop to the D-O-Double G  
Get in, where you fit in, follow me  
  
[Chorus]  
Who's the man with that dance? (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)  
Who kick the khakis from his pants? (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)  
Get the dro' low anything will stand (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)  
Still rock the gin n juice in hand (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)  
  
I do it for the G's, and I do it for the hustlaz  
Here to annihilate you mark-ass busters  
Fuck the police cause all they wanna do is cuff us  
The one nigga is chilly, as if his name was Usher  
But I'm still riding in macks, making 'em G stacks  
And got them corn rows to the back  
I ain't really trying to be picky  
But if you give me somethin, its got to be the sticky  
Doing by the ounces, Lo' lo's bouncing  
Ninety doing faking with kissing on the couching  
Boo to the ouchin', more a fountain  
But that's how we get another doggy dogg housing  
This year we ain't fuck with thousands  
We clean with millions and we fly as a falcon  
Pull up to the Doggy Dogg Pound, with a car fulla bitches  
Fuckin grits like Alice  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Three 14 inch rims is running on the side (They riding on the side?)  
Yeah they running on the side!  
Three 14 inch rims is running on the side (They riding on the side?)  
Yeah they running on the side!  
Three 14 inch rims is running on the side (They riding on the side?)  
Yeah they running on the side!  
Three 14 inch rims is running on the side (They riding on the side?)  
Yeah they running on the side!  
Take two and pass it, it will not burn you  
From the Long Beach chronicles to the Wall Street Journal  
They all know the G with the cut in his coupe  
Ask Bill Gates (yeah I know the homie Snoop)  
Yeah I'm still loaded, hanging with my folk and  
Follow Rakim cause "I Ain't No Joke"  
Cause I done seen so much, enough to have your felons touched  
When the gunshots ratta, all ya boys scatta'  
Check up on ya homies but they gave ya bad data  
Nigga fucking stop breathing  
That is so relievin', and now ya bitches are leavin'  
What I say cause what I say is so real  
Homie you don' wanna see da, steel  
You don't wanna catch a body, You cant hear the party!  
Now that's what you should do, now wheres my baby-boo?  
  
[Chorus]

