"Black folks can't never have no fun!"  
  
[Chorus: Nate Dogg]  
These streets be walking down the avenue  
(Crazy!) From Hollywood to South Central!  
These streets be, crazy!  
Long Beach to Compton!  
Always up to no good! Cra  
(Crazy!) Crazy  
Always up to no good!  
Van Nuys to Santa Ana, crazy  
(Crazy!)  
  
[Snoop Dogg]  
Have a look outside and take a stroll with me  
California lifestyle, you wanna roll with me?  
I can take you in and out and where it's gonna be  
Now as crazy as it is, you know this home for me  
I wouldn't never leave it, you know that's wrong of me  
I'ma stay down, you see me on them corners G  
At your local liquor store, getting some optimums  
And if I'm out of bounds then I gotta cock the fo'  
Keep it on the low on the W-W-W-West coast  
Sign some autographs and then I do get ghost  
A-humph, yeah, I love my folks  
But half of y'all fools is cutthroats  
On the real no, the streets'll have you  
Guide you, lead you, mislead you, it's fragile  
Yeah, see you gradually grow  
And when you walking on my side I think you all need to know  
  
[Chorus]  
  
[Snoop Dogg]  
On the 110 Freeway flo', back to the block  
In the seven deuce Coupe, hopping hipping the hop  
Sipping on some Henn with my nephew Infrared  
Young pimp on the grind trying to line up some head  
Had fun, did, done, on the West we run  
Don't matter where you from, if you old or young  
Seesaw we raw like oh-la-la  
Fuck the law we don't get caught we just do  
Yeah nigga we shaking the cops  
You niggas out there just be making it hot  
But don't trip if you faking a lot  
I'll break you, shake you, and take yo' spot  
Because if you think that you gonna slip through California  
Without getting banged on, brother you're wrong  
  
[Nate Dogg]  
(Always up to no good!) I really love my dog, grew up together and all but he  
(Always up to no good!) Hell yeah I love New York  
That's why I married the broad but she  
(Always up to no good!) We can't hang 'em up 'cause I'm a balla y'all and he  
(Always up to no good!) Let me tell you about these streets  
(Always up to no good!)  
  
[Chorus]

