That's chapter 1,  
Would you like to have chapter 2  
You better you son of a bitch, I know the way.  
  
Here's adventure, here's romance,  
Here's the famous Robbin Hood of the old west.  
  
Cisco, the sheriff, he's getting closer!  
  
This way Poncho, vominos. The Cisco Kid.  
  
Way, way, way, we way back in the days the year, 1980.  
Had to get a job, had to make some money-ney  
Picked up a pen and a pad,  
Dropped reality never thinking that I would live to see the day I'd rock my
own CD  
  
We used to do the dance we called obie-obie  
Now S.T.P. 1993, so Hollywood get out my way  
My mom's words seems like yesterday  
"Love Jesus, don't forget to pray"  
She most have gone with the boss D.J. Right?  
(Don't be too sure of that fat one. Fat one?)  
And feelin though, skinny coming with the 9mm  
  
Cause he who has the money has the authority,  
And respect to the man with the Uzi  
(I'm pretty handy with a six gun myself)  
The 808 kick is on my hit list  
And this beat's cooking like an Ital Dish  
It wasn't hard for me to do, it so easy  
Because to me loops loops tight go naturally  
Mom's words seem like yesterday.  
  
What's your name? Cisco Kid.  
Si, Poncho's name is, Poncho.  
  
Now in '94 we got an S.T.P.  
A half pack of smokes, and oh yes, and Sammy  
A fifteen pack of Old Milwaukee  
A dalmatian and a girlfriend,  
But I ain't got no money-ne-ne-ne  
  
The 808 is within my reach,  
Sublime beats are comin' straight from long beach.  
If you think that Hollywood  
Didn't get what he deserved,  
Call 808 kit to get served  
  
(Scarface)  
How am I gonna get a scar like that eating pussy, man?  
  
There's always some hombre that can't resist swapin' lead,  
Just to see if their faster with the six gun than Cisco is.  
  
They'll only find out Cisco is fastet.  
  
Well that don't stop 'em from tryin' Poncho,  
Like Slade here,  
He fancies himself as fast on the draw as a quarter-horse  
Takin' after a stray.  
  
What's the matter? Can't the Cisco Kid talk for himself?  
Is that how you got your reputation Cisco,  
By havin' your partner build you up?  
  
I make no claim to a reputation senor,  
And no one has to talk for me.  
  
The Cisco Kid, heh,.  
The kid part fits you from the way you act.  
  
I've meet with your kind before.  
You a foolish hombre if you think he will not fight you.  
  
Your making big talk for an hombre who will not fight.  
  
You are wrong Slade,  
I'll fight you any place, any time.  
If there is a good reason.  
  
Well here's a fist full of reasons!  
  
Now you two quit that.  
  
Just as soon as I finish off this Cisco Kid.  
  
You are the one that is finished you faggot.  
  
Is that a good punch?  
  
Alright you two, that's enough,  
Let him alone Cisco.  
  
I won't forget this Cisco,  
I'll take this up with you another time.  
  
Any time hombre,  
I'd be glad to accommodate you.  
  
I'll make it soon Cisco.  
  
Shit up cash, keep your mouth shut.  
  
That's what I mean, Cisco,  
You attract trouble like a fiddler attracts a square dance,  
You understand why I don't want  
You staying in this town?  
  
Do not worry sheriff

