You went for line drawings and you fucked up you fuckin' idiot.  
You brain-washed yourself you mother fuckin' stupid cock suckers, because  
you never studied your Holy Homework. That's two capital H's there, all  
the rest are lower case in any fuckin' case. Supreme Court, you are not  
the fucking Supreme Court of anything, except Hell! For the next ten  
thousand years you will shovel your shit and eat it, because your on  
repeat mother fucker. It just started backwards and you can't do a  
fuckin' thing about it. The public are gonna take back every fuckin'  
thing that you took away from them you mother fucker.  
  
Raleigh.  
Yes.  
This is the deal.  
Yes, what is the deal?  
You either cool it down right now  
Or your gonna fuckin die!  
You're outta here.  
Oh, your gonna put me out? Well I ain't leavin' motherfucker.  
Now what are you gonna do, what are you gonna do to this little kid? Eh?  
You're gonna go to the psyche ward.  
Well good, that's where I wanna go.  
Yea, your gonna be right there. So you better cool it down.  
You better cool it down right now,  
I don't want to hear anything else out of this room or you are gonna go to the
psyche ward.  
This is your last opportunity.  
Yea, OK, get it. Let's go.  
Shut your fuckin' mouth.  
All right  
And don't make anymore waves in the house. Otherwise you're going to the
psyche ward.  
Well, that's exactly what I'm gonna do,  
I'm gonna go to the psyche ward and so I'm gonna shoot my fuckin' mouth off,
so get out of here. Your cutting into my commercial.  
You understand?  
I'm making a fuckin' commercial, I'm a businessman! Get out of here!  
Your trying to get in on this fuckin' thing, you ain't no star asshole, your
just a fuckin' errand boy.  
Your the craziest son of a bitch I ever  
Exactly, I'm an American!  
This is the last warning Raleigh.  
Good, shut up!  
Anymore out of you and your going to the psyche ward.  
See, you lie. You don't eat your feedback.  
You need to understand that, as long as you understand that, that's the rules
Raleigh.  
Whoever comes in this fuckin' room, I'm gonna fuckin' kill em! That's what I
gonna do.  
Oh are ya? I'm in your room Raleigh.  
Well you've come in against, this is my room.  
I'm in your room, I'm in you room, I'm in your room.  
Back out, back out, back out. Words don't bother me man, actions do.  
Let's do it, go for it dude.  
Well if you come at me your gonna fuckin' die!  
Go for it.  
I ain't going for nothing, you fuckin' reach for me and I'm gonna take your
arm off.  
Come on. Come on! I ain't comin, you come.  
Cool it Raleigh. You understand that? You got it?  
Either you cool it or your out of here, that's the only choice you have.  
Try it.  
Your gone dude.  
Who's gonna enforce it? Call the cops mutherfucker! Call the cops.  
You got witnesses right now?  
No witnesses, call the fucking cops! I'll call the fuckin' cops on you, you
cocksucker, right now.  
Good.  
911 - Just like that, and you will never get out of this. [Guard:] Good. Come
on.  
  
I would like an emergency call please, there's a psychopathic trying to kill
me in my fuckin' room, now get them cops over here to 1-2-3-O-9 Ventura Street
please.  
He is standing in my door, I told him to get out of here, and he tells me he's
gonna put me in the psycho-tank, for making my production here.  
Which is a science fiction magazine! And he's trying to scare me 'cause he
thinks he's big, but he's just a big pile of shit!  
Cause I'll splatter him all over the fuckin' wall. I hope you record all that.  
That's a pre-programming for the police department!  
And send 'em over here, 'cause I'm about to kill him in two seconds.  
Now get 'em over here as fast as you can please. I hope your recording this.

