John Lennon was shot here, at the entrance to the Dakota building.  
Lennon was shot four times with a 38 caliber gun,  
In what seems to be a totally senseless killing.  
  
[DR. EDISON AMOS]  
The second amendment gives the right of the people to keep and bear arms.  
This is a dispute which is going on in America now.  
We should work diligently to keep this second amendment in place,  
For any individual with responsibility-  
Let me repeat again, responsibility and boundaries of those who are
priviledged,  
To be a part of all of these twenty-seven amendments,  
Of the Constitution of the United States of America,  
Plus the Declaration of Independence.  
  
[GEORGE W. BUSH]  
I believe that uh, people who are gonna commit crimes shouldn't have guns.  
  
[GEORGE BUSH, SR.]  
I guess my reaction is the same as every other father's, every other
grandfather's.  
My heart goes out to the people- to the victims.  
Because I don't understand how kids can be out there, they're out making
bombs,  
And, and uh, and uh, families being totally unaware of it-  
With this culture going on. And I'm as troubled by it as anybody else,  
And I don't know any answers.  
  
[TORI]  
Happiness is a warm gun, happiness is a warm gun, Mama.  
Happiness is a warm gun, oh, Mama.  
Mother Superior jump the gun. Mother Superior jump the a-gun-ahuha...  
Mother Superior a-jump the gun. Mother Superior jump the a-gun, the gun, gun
a-da-da.  
Mother Superior jump the- a-gun.  
I said, Mother Superior jump the a-gun, I said, I'm gonna a-da-a.  
Mother Superior jump the a-gun. Mother Superior jump the a-gun, and I said-ad.  
Mother Superior jump the a-gun, I said, I'm gonna,  
Mother Superior jump the a-gun, a-jump the a-gun.  
  
She's not a girl who misses much.  
(DR. EDISON AMOS: In these ten bill of rights,  
Each one gives the people a special right.)  
She's not a girl who misses much.  
(DR. EDISON AMOS: This second one is a right to bear arms.)  
Ah. She's well acquainted with the touch,  
She's well acquainted with the touch of the velvet hand-a.  
  
Ah a nd-a keep me down  
I need a fix 'cause I am- I said, I need a fix 'cause I-  
I need a, need, I need, I need, I need a,  
I need, I need, a, I need a, Mama.  
I need, a, la...la, I need, Mama, and-I,  
I need, and-and-and, need, an my boy.  
I need, and-and-and-and, need, and-and I need.  
I need, and I need, and need, and need 'cause,  
  
Happiness is a warm gun. Happiness is a warm gun, Mama.  
Happiness is a warm gun, mama  
I need-a, I need a, I need a,  
She's not a girl who misses much. She's not a girl who misses much.  
Mother Superior ju-mp  
  
I need a fix 'cause I am going down.  
I need a fix 'cause I am going down.  
I need a fix, 'cause I am going down. I need a fix. I ha.  
Mama, I-I need a fix, 'cause i'm going down.  
Down to the bits that I a-left uptown.  
Down to the bits that I a-left up-upto-own.  
Down to the bits that I left uptown.  
I said, I need a fix 'cause I am going down.  
I need, I need, I need  
Mother Superior jump the gun, Mother Superior jump-the-gun.  
Mama, ma happiness is, happiness, Mama, mama, a-mama...

