[The Serpent to Adam and Eve:]  
"If Heaven is higher and death is a dream  
Cast away virtue it's not what it seems  
In whiteness descending the souls steals a star  
Creates a new Heaven in sin where you are"  
[The Serpent to Cain:]  
"Sons of Cain, agonize, bring forth then die  
Your children will multiply- tear Heaven down...  
With a Serpent's kiss, with a Serpent's kiss..."  
[The Serpent to Eve (in turn, Eve to Adam):]  
"Black superstition, denied by your sire  
The golden elixir- Promethean fire  
Quick is unguarded delight in its taste  
Indulge in your passion, be quick, make haste."  
[The Serpent to Mankind:]  
"Sons of pain, agonize, bring forth then die  
Your sorrows will multiply and you shall share my fall..."  
[Voice of Adam:]  
"Eve we were mistaken to listen to his words  
Black heart and false fatal guile  
Now judgement is swift, his wrath is profound  
Eden is lost to us now  
Driven to wander in sorrow and shame  
Immortal no longer we blame you!!!"  
[The Serpent's reply:]  
"Bastards, forsaken cast from his grace  
Bask in the light of my fall  
Now suffer and weep, my hatred runs deep  
The jaws of regret smite you all  
From out of the mire, the filth and the fire  
My legions, my furies unbound!!!  
I'm no longer waiting, my eyes are not blind  
My arrows streaming, carve a path through the light"  
[Voice of God:]  
"Now you listen, now you learn of fathomless night  
Cast down in wrath, cast down in flame, olympian might  
Chained to Earth, my kongdom comes first  
Down with you, into the fire!!"  
[The Serpent's reply:]  
"Wailing, screaming, roaring loud, my reign begins  
'Tis better to rule than merely to serve  
My hate will bring down Elysian stones... Taste the Serpent's Kiss....  
The Serpent's Kiss...."  
[The Serpent's to himself:]  
"If Heaven is higher and death is a dream  
Cast away virtue it's not what it seems  
In whiteness descending the soul steals a star  
Creates a new Heaven in sin where you are"  
[The Serpent to Cain:]  
"Sons of Cain, agonize, bring forth then die  
Scale the walls of heaven now, and bring God to his knees  
With a Serpent's kiss, Serpent's kiss... Serpent's kiss..  
God shall share my fall!!!"

