I swear to god! Look!  
This is something new you've never heard before this  
You better take a good look at your mind, fucker  
I know what you want to come here for  
  
You better take a good look at your mind, fucker  
These three little, these three little fuckers  
These three little, pumpkin patch  
These three little pumpkins went into the woods and they said  
  
They said today we're gonna find something really good to look at  
And they went into the woods and they looked at all the little trees  
And they said this woods is really continuous little trees  
You know, 'cause nature is just as part of us as we are to the earth  
  
I said yeah  
And the pumpkins, the pumpkins went further into the woods  
And they came across this little man with a big, big head  
And the little man said, "What's your fucking idea you fuckers?  
  
What are you fucking high?"  
And the little pumpkin says,  
"We're the pumpkins to join yours for a loose the pumpkin"  
"Oooey! Oooey! Oooey!  
  
You ain't been in my world  
You never been in my world  
You never will be in my world  
You go away and you'll never be in my world again"  
  
The pumpkin boy said, "Yes you will, yes you will, I think to stay  
I want to be in your world  
For you in your world"  
"Yeah you fuckers, you can't get me off before you leave yourself  
  
You think you can understand but you can't!  
Look, you just entered my world, right?  
You just entered my world and it's quite like you go in and for  
Then enjoy nothing but share and progress  
  
You think you can go from the top of the tree to the top of this too"  
  
The two pumpkins looked at the little man and they said,  
"Why, why would he be such a, why would he be such a jerk?  
And the only thing he does is smoke drugs,  
And he doesn't do cocaine,  
And he doesn't shoot smack,  
And he doesn't even drink beer  
Why would he be such a fucker to me?  
Why would he be such fuckers?"  
All they wanted to do was pumpkins  
All they wanted to laugh at was the pumpkins  
  
Go back! Get out of the woods! Get out of the woods!  
It's only the beginning - it is only the beginning - it is only the beginning  
Stop the tape

