When I said that I'd be faithful  
When I promised I'd be true  
When I swore that I could never  
Be with anyone but you  
When I told you that I loved you  
With those tender words I spoke  
I was only kidding  
Now, can't you take a joke?  
  
When I said that I need you, baby  
When I told you that I really care  
When I said that I can't live without you  
When I said I'd follow you anywhere  
When I said you could always trust me  
When I said I'd never leave you flat  
Well, guess what? I was only kidding, baby  
I can't believe you fell for that! You're so gullible  
  
(I was only kidding) I was only kidding  
(I was only kidding) You thought that was for real?  
I was only kidding  
Now I'm sorry if you misunderstood, but the fact remains  
(I was only kidding) I was only kidding  
(I was only kidding) Baby, baby, I was  
(I was) only kidding  
Well, I guess I got you pretty good, now listen  
  
When I said that I love you, baby  
From the very bottom of my heart  
When I said that I miss you so badly  
Every second we're apart  
When I swore that you're just getting more and more  
Beautiful every day  
Well, I was only kidding, honey  
What's the matter with you anyway? Let me tell you something  
  
(I was only kidding) I was only kidding  
(I was only kidding) You understand, don't ya?  
I was only kidding  
Well, I guess it probably hurts you a lot, but you gotta know  
(I was only kidding) I was only kidding  
(I was only kidding) Come on now, get a clue  
I was only kidding  
I really love you, not!  
  
When I said you ought a marry  
When I said that we should settle down  
Well, I was pullin' your leg there, honey  
I was just foolin' around  
You see, I, I never meant to upset you, darlin'  
I never meant to hurt anyone  
I was only kidding, baby  
Why don't you just put down that gun?  
Let's talk this over  
  
(I was only kidding) I was only kidding  
(I was only kidding) Watch where you're pointing that thing  
(I was only kidding)  
Hey, I'm sorry if your heart is broke, you gotta realize  
(I was only kidding) I was only kidding  
(I was only kidding) Aw, yeah  
I was only kidding  
Now, honey, can't you take a joke?  
(I was only kidding) I was only kidding  
(I was only kidding) I was only kidding  
(I was only kidding) I was only kidding  
(I was only kidding) I was only kidding  
(I was only kidding) I didn't lie to you  
I was only kidding... Yes indeed  
(I was only kidding) Baby, baby, you know  
(I was only kidding) Hey!

