[Mary J. Blige]  
Whyyyyyy, whyyyyyy  
Whyyyyyy, whyyyyyy  
  
[Chorus:]  
I really wish I could explain it baby  
It's just the world is kinda crazy baby  
Ain't no pretty way to paint it baby  
Don't cry, dry your eyes  
  
[Will Smith]  
September 11th I woke up about 7 AM  
West coast time, french toast and my turkey bacon  
Takin' my time awakin, turnin' my TV on  
To my surprise, saw what everybody in the world saw  
Me and my children, images were chillin'  
My son said - daddy were there people in that building?  
A cold sweat, frozen with a lump in my chest  
I heard his question, couldn't bring my lips to say yes to him  
That night at my son's side, he cried  
And prayed for the ones who died in the World Trade  
His palms to God, seeds of qualms with God  
He just, kept on pressin' me, wanna know why  
Then one week later our bombs were dropped  
We seein' them, on CNN, they just won't stop  
The infrared, images of brutal attack  
He said "Daddy now we killin' 'em back," right right  
  
[Chorus]  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Souls are captured (souls are captured)  
Dreams are stolen (dreams are stolen)  
Hearts are broken (hearts are broken)  
Evil plaguin' he rewardin'  
Hate surrender (hate surrender)  
Love exalted! (Love exalted!)  
Hope elated! (hope elated!)  
Negativity destroyed and..  
  
[Will Smith]  
Honest to God, why is the bomb always gettin' the last word  
and why, did her uncles have to molest her  
and why, did all them cops have to be shootin' to kill?  
And why, did all them priests have to act so ill?  
Tell me why did James Byrd Jr. have to be touched?  
Tell my why did Malcolm and Martin depart from us  
Tell me why did the sniper make that little boy shoot  
And why, is human life always denied for loot?  
Tell me WHY did MANDELA have to live in a cage  
Why did my brother Sterling have to die at that age  
Tell me why did Reginald Denny deserve his fate  
And why the fuck can't love, seem to defeat hate?  
Tell me why is it so hard for all the children to eat?  
Why did 'Pac and Biggie Smalls have to fall in the street?  
Tell me why did Jam Master Jay have to go that way?  
Please, what am I supposed to say my kids when they say  
  
[Chorus]  
  
[Chorus]  
  
[Will Smith]  
Can't explain it baby life is just really crazy  
I mean if it's world wars or the life of a little baby  
We got more stores than they got rice under buddha lazy  
You live four scores and still it be drivin' you crazy  
But for me I try to see the button side  
Sometimes it be like the goodness be tryin' to hide  
or tryin' to flee, but it can't, it's deep inside  
Sweetie you be the light for others, make 'em believe in God

