Started off on the island, AKA Shaolin  
Niggas wilin', gun shots thrown, the phone dialin'  
Back in the days of 8 now, making a tape now  
Rae gotta get a plate now  
Ignorant and mad young, wanted to be the one  
Till I got (Blaow! Blaow! Blaow!) felt one  
Yeah, my pops was a fiend since 16  
Shooting that "that's that shit!" in his blood stream  
That's the life of a grimey, real-life crimey  
And niggas know that habit's behind me  
Day one, yo, growing all up in the ghetto  
Now I'm a weed fiend, jetting the Palmetto  
In Medina, yo, no doubt the God got crazy clout  
Pushing the big joint from down South  
So if you're filthy stacked up  
Better watch your back and duck  
Cause these fiends, they got it cracked up  
Now my man from up north, now he got the law  
It's solid as a rock and crazy salt  
No jokes, I'm not playing, get his folks  
Desert Eagle his dick and put em in a yoke  
And to know for sure, I got reck and rip shop  
I pointed a gat at his mother's knot  
Yo, Rae, don't do that shit, man! Don't do that shit!  
Fuck that!  
  
Dedicated to the winners and the losers  
Dedicated to all Jeeps and Land Cruisers  
(Can it be that it was all so simple then?)  
Dedicated to the Y's, 850-I's  
Dedicated to niggas who do drive-bys  
(Can it be that it was all so simple then?)  
Dedicated to the Lexus and the Ac's  
Dedicated to MPV's: phat!  
  
Kicking the fly cliches  
Doing duets with Rae and A, happens to make my day  
Though I'm tired of busting off shots, having to rock knots  
Running up in spots and making shit hot  
I'd rather flip shows instead of those  
Hanging on my living room wall  
My first joint, and it went gold!  
I want to lamp, I want to be in the shade  
Plus the spotlight, getting my dick rode all night  
I want to have me a phat yacht  
And enough land to go and plant my own sess crops  
But for now it's just a big dream  
Cause I find myself in the place where I'm last seen  
My thoughts must be relaxed, be able to maintain  
Cause times is changed and life is strange  
The glorious days is gone, and everybody's doing bad  
Yo, mad lives is up for grabs  
Brothers passing away, I gotta make wakes  
Receiving all types of calls from upstate  
Yo, I can't cope with the pressure  
Settling for lesser  
The God left lessons on my dresser  
So I can bloom and blossom, find a new way to  
Continue to make more hits with Rae and A  
Sunshine plays a major part in the daytime  
Peace to mankind, Ghostface carry a black 9

