Time to snap out of it, welcome to the real world  
My life like a Hitchcock flick, stick to the script  
If she can't stick to the script, stick to this dick  
How she actin off of the fifth? Ridiculous shit  
We don't need conversation, just crowd participation  
If you here on vacation we got, rules and regulations  
Seperate myself from y'all, segregation  
Tryin to stop Xzibit and Dre? Humiliation  
Pure elevation, got me some inspiration  
Two bitches in bubble baths, a beautiful invitation  
Got a live occupation, live for the moment  
I'm faced with an altercation manhandlin my opponents  
I got eyes in the back of my head  
I never sleep so they bloodshot red  
Yo we so far ahead of our time  
If we can stop life and press rewind  
You still wouldn't catch up 'til 2K and a dime, so turn it up  
  
Turn it up! Turn it up  
This is it! This is it  
We the shit We the shiiiiiiiiiit Get with it!  
Give a fuck Give a fuck  
Who you wit Who you wit  
Turn it up! Turn it uppppppppppp Get with it!  
  
Truthfully speakin, it's lonely up here all by myself  
So I had to come down and pass around some help  
From N.W.A to whatever's next  
Make sure it says ANDRE YOUNG in bold letters on big checks  
Your shit ain't sellin? Fuck it, get Dr. Dre on it  
You got a budget? I'll get down, give me half of it  
One session, one song, I'm gone  
The first week, you hit the streets, a star is born  
to add to my universe - let me show you  
who can invade who nigga, and who can do who the worst  
Warning from the Surgeon General  
Watch out for fake hits and bullshit that sounds identical  
Pick it up, read the credits, who you thought it was?  
Twenty years in the game, with a constant buzz  
Pick a year, any year, see how hot I was  
Same shit today, and still don't give a fuck!  
  
Turn it up! Turn it up  
This is it! This is it  
We the shit We the shiiiiiiiiiit Get with it!  
Give a fuck Give a fuck  
Who you wit Who you wit  
Turn it up! Turn it uppppppppppp Get with it!  
  
Stay.. in your place Stay in your place nigga  
You can't face, what we bringin  
What we bring to the game, playa  
Bounce like this Bounce Bounce like this  
Blaze your shit Blaze your shit  
And get high for meeeeeeee  
  
Let me give y'all niggaz somethin to hold  
This product not to be sold  
Know you can't cook it over a stove  
You can flip it and come back with a mitt  
Don't make me reach through your limo tint  
I just want my twenty percent  
This is dedicated to the people that spoke too soon  
I think I'll stop shootin you niggaz and shoot for the moon  
Motherfuckers turn respect on and off like a light switch  
I'll never be seen, like Farrakhan fuckin a white bitch  
Jump I won't flinch, dump I don't miss  
X holdin this, I'm never losin faith or focus  
So say what you gotta say, every day a holiday  
We don't blow the roof, we blow the whole fuckin spot away  
Organize permission like, organized crime  
Organized minds, organize they nickels and dimes  
Organized vocab be organizing my rhymes  
Organizing my business and organizing my time, so turn it up  
  
Turn it up! Turn it up  
This is it! This is it  
We the shit We the shiiiiiiiiiit Get with it!  
Give a fuck Give a fuck  
Who you wit Who you wit  
Turn it up! Turn it uppppppppppp Get with it!

