U.S.A. Lyrics  
Its the return of the, of the motherfuckin brainiacs.  
Capitol homes represent East Atlanta where you at YING YANG!!!  
We back motherfucker!  
YING YANG!!!  
Take that motherfucker!  
[Kain]  
The same to niggas that the hoes used to dis  
Now we ridin on the road doing shows with our clique  
Put a lock on my dick 'cause my brain is da key  
I ain't wat you want so quit lyin to me  
See I was born by myself  
Imma die by myself  
And when I smoke my purple I'm gon get high by myself  
And if ain't D-roc on the side of me  
We ?? bitch can't even buy from me  
They call me crip, his name eric hi's the capper  
Since the 8th grade he said he would be a rapper  
Rapper? y'all niggas lost 'cause its 10 years later and shawty is throwed off  
One time for them niggas who keep claming they boss  
Keep thinkin we soft, we gon knock you're fuckin block off  
See D-roc known to be a people person  
And kaine really don't like discursion  
See pain is kinda what I like dispursin  
'cause love make a nigga feel like a scrub  
Thugs that's were we residing at  
Some niggas like to lie just to hide the fact  
That they a bitch nigga, snitch nigga, all on another nigga dick nigga get
you're own shit nigga  
And y'all hoes ain't gave us nothing but plenty of talk and da fucking the
front bitch  
[Chorus]  
Nigga we bout that bank round here  
We smoke neva good gank down here (United State of Atlanta)  
Nigga we bout dat bread around here  
That's how you keep your baby feed down here  
[D-Roc]  
Boullivard to east lake, the west side to barn holmes  
From south de calf to glen wood  
From calli rd to martin luther king  
(United State United State United State United State of Atlanta)  
From allden av to peet street from flash hoes to bankhead  
From peak mount. to mag noi from lee street to simpson rd. (United State
United State United State United State of Atlanta)  
Form greater holmes to inglewood from metro to clevland av from progression rd
to pry st from oakland rd to E.A.  
[Chorus]  
Nigga we bout that bank round here  
We smoke neva good gank down here (United State of Atlanta)  
Nigga we bout dat bread around here  
That's how you keep your baby feed down here  
United State you-United State you-United State you-United State of Atlanta  
United State you-United State you-United State you-United State of Atlanta  
United State you-United State you-United State you-United State of Atlanta  
United State you-United State you-United State you-United State of Atlanta  
United State you-United State you-United State you-United State of Atlanta  
United State you-United State you-United State you-United State of Atlanta  
United State you-United State you-United State you-United State of Atlanta  
United State you-United State you-United State you-United State of Atlanta....  

