Listen baby, sometimes I know I be playin' but set aside the bullshit, I'ma
grown ass man.  
Whats to understand that I love to fuck, can I hit it from the back or put ya
ass in a buck?  
Screamin shawty what's up, are we fuckin' are what,  
We ain't got nothin' to discuss I'm simply tryin' to bust nuts.  
The temperatures risin', we reachin' the bed, ya eyes begin to roll in the
back of ya head.  
  
Bangin' headboards, the loud noise, the sound of you screamin'.  
Turn me on 'cause it sound like you singin'.  
Sayin' my name constantly, sayin' daddy keep fuckin' me.  
Get it how you want it long as you keep lovin' me.  
Put ya thing down,  
Boom the bedroom do it right,  
And it jus might be a long night, alright,  
Now be quiet you don't want them to hear us outside,  
Let me get on bottom while you ride.  
  
Bedroom boom, (that's whats goin' down tonight),  
Bedroom boom, (let me do ya body right),  
My bed will be boomin' for you (boom boom)  
Bedroom boom, (all between the sheets baby)  
Bedroom boom, (I wanna drive you crazy),  
My bed will be boomin' for you.  
  
It feels like heaven when were off in this room together.  
I can hear the music playin', then I hear ya voice sayin',  
"Ohh daddy now jus give it to me right there." "Ohh baby, take a handful of my
hair."  
'Cause you like it rough (rough) can't get enough (nough).  
'Cause I'm the type of nigga thats gon fill you up, like a cup.  
And make this love thing overflow,  
I wont stop until ya body's tellin' me so.  
Sheets gettin' sticky from the strawberries and whipped cream,  
If these walls could talk they would say this is one hell of a scene.  
Now you movin' ya body jus like a gymnast,  
From the bed to the dresser, all type a' crazy shit.  
Case is tellin' me stories, body's hot and so horny,  
Hittin' it from the rear, wanna whisper somethin' in yo ear.  
"I'm gonna love you all night I promise."  
  
Bedroom boom, (bedroom boom!!)  
Bedroom boom, (i can hear it baby!)  
My bed will be boomin' for you, (we'll be fuckin all night, yes..)  
Bedroom boom, (hittin yo body!)  
Bedroom boom, (like boom boom boom!)  
My bed will be boomin' for you, (my bed will be shakin' til' the screws come
loose, while I'm off in t)  
  
Boom goes the bedroom, behind closed doors, and the bedroom depends on how far
things go.  
You move slow or move fast when you off in that ass,  
But you hittin' that mothafucker like every time yo last.  
Spread yo legs like a bald eagle, work that back, move like a snake when you
do dat dat.  
Now be quiet, you dont want them to hear us outside.  
Let me get on bottom while you ride.  
  
You hotter than an album store, (yea) temptation got ya outta control, (mmm
hmmm), you tremblin' like you  
Out in the cold, you screamin' you cant take it no more.  
Beat the pussy so bad we done fell on the flo.  
(can you believe it?) throw our clothes in the kitchen and in the garage.  
All this love is waitin for you like I'm El Debarge.  
See my dick stay hard. (oh) and its gon stay cocked.  
(Yes) if a bitch fuck wit me she  
Gettin her cherry popped.  
  
Bedroom boom, (this is serious business, baby)  
Bedroom boom, (what goes on in this room, so what baby..)  
My bed will be boomin' for you, (say boom! boom!)  
Bedroom boom, bedroom boom, (and it feels amazing!)

