[Chorus]  
They don't know how far back that we go (we go)  
From riding skates, to riding 24's  
From off the block hustlin' to rockin' shows  
We done seen many bumps in the road  
But still we remain, still in the game  
Never worry , about them haters, that will never change  
And I put this on everything babe  
I am my brother's keeper.  
  
Listen D-roc, I know you don't think I care for ya,  
But at a drop of a dime I'll be there for ya,  
And anybody want to see us apart we need to get rid of  
They ass man and that's from the heart.  
Pick em apart now that the ying yang twins got some ends,  
We seem to have plenty of friends. excuse me then friend,  
Let me borrow a stack and when tomorrow comes don't ask me to borrow it back.  
If they can't do that they don't contribute to the answer ? from the ?  
Serious as cancer. If I was jojo dancer I would do the same thang,  
Not to let another man spark my flame. D-roc is the ying,  
Kain is the yang but without  
The both of us we ain't got a damn thang.  
Its me and my brother, my brother and me, all that you see on TV  
  
[Chorus]  
  
United states of Atlanta its still me  
And my brother we done been through a lot but still kain I love ya.  
Blood, sweat, and tears, good days and bad from  
The time you make me laugh you made me mad.  
I still got cha back but imma take ya way back  
When we was sufferin just to get a nickle sack, scraping up  
Change trying to make 2 dollars or 3 to get  
Some 99 cent hamburgers to eat  
And then ride thorough atlanta in yo raggedy car.  
Back then we was some  
Underground superstars and these last 5 years we done put work in,  
Now the whole world know of the ying yang twins.  
Even though we don't spend time at home  
Together, we hit the road and its like we never left each other.  
Now that's love,  
I love you til the day that I leave so its still my brother and me.  
  
[Chorus]  
  
People of the world we must change our mind frame  
And stay away from the con and mind games.  
Its hard to maintain and stay sane at the same time, steady  
Working hard but you bareky gettin by trying  
To make a line between stress and peace  
And satan always gettin the best of me,  
My closest of kin, my best  
Friend, man we all in the struggle  
But you gotta remember I'm yo brother.  
Listen people you need to start helping yo brother,  
Helping yo sister, mama, daddy, children and all.  
Don't leave these babies out here all alone they  
Don't know what's going on. THey don't know right from wrong,  
So when you see yo brother give him a hug  
And a shoulder to lean on and don't leave him out here  
On his own cause times gettin hard these days.  
We at war amongest ourselves and we at war overseas brother.  
  
[Chorus]

