And you know,  
And you know,  
  
(Yea, get the money, get the money)  
  
And you know (Get the money, nothin' but the money)  
And you know (Bout the money, bout the money)  
And you know (Bout the money, bout the money)  
  
(Young! Yeah, I see you nigga! Let's go!)  
  
[Chorus]  
I hear ya'll talk that work shit, that's cool  
That don't mean shit, I don't know you (I don't know!)  
I don't know you. (I don't know!)  
I don't know you. (I don't know!)  
I don't know you. (Hell no!)  
I don't know you. (I don't know you niggas!)  
(Let's go!) (Yeah!)  
I hear ya'll talk that work shit, that's cool. (The recession nigga!)  
That don't mean shit, I don't know you. (I don't know!) (I'm right back in ya
ass homeboy!)  
I don't know you. (I don't know!)  
I don't know you. (I don't know!) (Trying to take me out nigga!)  
I don't know you.  
I don't know you.  
  
[Verse 1]  
Feelin' is in this shit  
That's right I'm in this bitch  
Ya'll niggas acting like Young ain't never did this shit  
Nigga, 500 grams, rock solid, no shake (shake)  
Call them things Chappelles, he wants his other half baked (Whoa!)  
You know I like to scramble mine, Waffle House style  
Or leave 'em sunny side up and let 'em chill for a while (Damn!)  
Not only have I done it, I did it, I lived it  
Delivered it myself, yeah I'm making house visits (Young!)  
I'm praying while I'm driving, it's making me religious  
In the head lights behind me, it's making me suspicious  
And maybe I'm trippin', and maybe I'm not (not)  
Maybe it's nothing (nothing), just hope it ain't the cops (OK!)  
  
[Chorus]  
  
(Talk to 'em homie!)  
  
[Verse 2]  
I go there, get that and go back with that  
And then I flip that, then send that right back  
If it got 2 bags, it must be 5 stacks  
So you owe 5 stacks, bring that right back (Ah ha!)  
If it take too long, must be re-rock  
2 in the shoe box, no these ain't Reebocks (Yeah!)  
I don't live there, I just cook there  
Ain't nothing in there, but fish and cookware (Young!)  
Can't drop our shit, work that fork though  
Lock up like woah, Young like fo' sho'  
This shit right here, call that "come back" (Yeah!)  
Drop this 9 off, and I'll be right back (Let's go!)  
  
[Chorus]  
  
(Get at these niggas, homie!)  
  
[Verse 3]  
I don't know why these niggas tell lies  
Ya'll know damn well he ain't flippin' no pies  
All this bird talk make me want some Popeye's  
Ya'll getting no play off in my rides  
Fake ass niggas, how dare you compare Young?  
Black Crown Vic, yeah that used to scare Young  
My 6-2's come back like Frisbees  
All these smoke fumes got me dizzy (Yeah!)  
They talk bricks, see  
I'm just listening (Hey!)  
Say, I'm just listening (Yeah!)  
Hook might be tight, but that don't sound right  
I sold Snow White and he sold no white (Hey!)  
  
[Chorus]  
  
And you know (I ain't bouncing for none of you niggas, nigga)  
And you know (I ain't cosigning none of you fake ass niggas)  
  
(Realest nigga in the BS nigga, Jezzy)  
  
And you know  
And you know (America is me!)  
And you know  
  
(Yeah, they know me though!)  
  
(Let's go!)  
  
[Chorus]

