If I should die before I wake  
Lord please...my soul to take  
Man I ain't even ask for this shit...  
there's no way I can hide it  
You see the pain in my eyes  
I ain't thinkin bout college  
Too busy tryin to stay alive  
They done cut the water off  
And I ain't trying to the lights go  
Even little shit like 5 dollars I'ma fight for  
My sisters only 12 and she's pregnant wit a baby  
My brothers goin' ta jail and my momma's going crazy  
I'm all by myself, muthafuck my ol' lady  
???'Cause soon tha money left, she was fucking niggas daily???  
We already in hell, Lord, please will you save me  
I'm riding with a 12 gauge I know these niggas hate me  
I got a few birds and a few words for you niggas on the streets  
I'm swirving in excursions I know you heard of me  
I got em mad at me I hit the block top drop that nigga bad ain't he  
We sell rocks plus glocks and keep our rags hanging  
Thug niggas shooting at cops  
Look we ain't playing, anywhere, setting up shop  
I wonder if I died and came back  
Would god still make a nigga sit here and slang crack  
Would everybody treat me like I was the same cat  
There's gotta be somebody that who can come and explain that  
I know  
You got the ak bitches in the hood  
These snitches in the hood  
My suggestion to you nigga start getting it while its good  
If you crawl for your ball learn the game know the things that will get you
knocked off  
'Cause niggas out here ain't playin  
???Being real done popped off???  
???Two pills in this home got me way in new york???  
Bout to run up in your home and I'm way up your floor  
My money and I'm gone, if he paid me on time, then we wouldn't have to shoot
em  
But they got a place for him like they got a place for me  
Maybe we'll meet again, we'll just have to wait and see  
Thug niggas, I love killin, so cock it back and bust  
Remember me, I used to smoke weed on the school bus  
Nigga wha? nigga who? nigga wotcha won do?  
I'm young buck, now move? and let me come through  
Is it true before you die do you really see it coming Do the hardest nigga
crying start running?  
I wonder if I died and came back  
Would god still make a nigga sit here and slang crack  
Would everybody treat me like I was the same cat  
There's gotta be somebody who can come and explain that  
I know  
Politicians is bullshitting  
And really bill clinton is the closest we gettin to ever havin a black
president  
Still I feel heaven sent and try to walk with my head up  
'Cause now we got this anthrax shit to be scared of  
Nobody prepared us for this  
All they said was "make sure you watch the news at six"  
And we feeding all these other countries  
What about that old man eating out of the fuckin dumpster?  
Oh you don't know him but everything that goes up must come down  
One look, and all the projects that they got go down  
I'm rydin' with god  
???Me and my squad nigga, you get beat???  
Now we ballin but remember how it used to be  
So regardless, don't let nothing come between our family our money our dreams  
And even when it seems like its all over from Tennessee to the Magnolia  
We gonna ball till we faulter  
I wonder if I died and came back  
Would god still let a nigga sit here and slang crack  
Would everybody treat me like I was the same cat  
There's gotta be somebody that can come and explain that  
I know  

