G-Unit!!  
Aiyyo if you got more than a hundred dollars in your pocket  
Aiyyo make some noise in this bitch  
Cause I'm gettin money like a muh'fucker y'all (YEAH!)  
  
Work for the money money (c'mon) do ya thang now  
Work for the money money (get it, get it) put it down now  
Work for the money money (c'mon) do ya thang now  
Work for the money money (get it, get it) put it down now  
Work for the money money (c'mon) do ya thang now  
Work for the money money (let's go!) put it down now  
Work for the money money (c'mon) do ya thang now  
Work for the money money (get it, get it) put it down now  
  
Twenty six's got me big big wheelin'  
Money over bitches, I'ma get me a million  
Thangs done changed, I'm hotter than a flame  
So it's no time for me to beef with Jada, Joe or Game (Game)  
Diamonds in my chain (chain) a Chevy in my yard  
And a baby blue Phantom that I keep in the garage (uh-oh!)  
Come here, let me talk to you, show you what my grill 'bout  
Ice like Paul Wall but I can't take mine out (Yeahhh!)  
Let's play the game "Big Bank Take Lil' Bank"  
Flood it like Katrina, make sure that your ship sank (damn!)  
You would think money's growin on trees  
The way your boy run through a couple hundred G's  
Fresh white tee 'bout to get my hustle on (yeah!)  
I ain't goin to the club, 'til all my work gone (C'MON!)  
I'm leanin on the leather, and grippin on the wood  
And I can build whatever, you know my money good, yeah  
  
[Chorus]  
If can get money (money) I be in the hood (hood)  
I be stackin' paper like a real nigga should  
My money good, get money!! We ballin' in the hood  
Money good, get money!! We ballin' in the hood  
I be pimpin' hard (hard) and I got them hoes (hoes)  
You ain't gotta ask me, you already know  
My money good, get money!! We ballin' in the hod  
Money good, get money!! We ballin' in the hod  
  
I got my mind on my money (money) my money on my mind (mind)  
I'm good in the hood so you know I'm gon' shine  
Get you some, get you some, get you some, get you some  
Get you some, get you some, get you some, get you some (Yeahhhh!)  
I'm sellin' everythang (thang) and savin' every dime (dime)  
I'm good in the hood so you know I'm gon' shine  
Get you some, get you some, get you some, get you some  
Get you some, get you some, get you some, get you some (Yeahhhhh!)  
  
Fifty for the watch (watch) a hundred for the bracelet  
I'm headed to the top (top) I can damn near taste it  
I represent my block (block) and give away the ones (c'mon!)  
The hustle never stops so my job is never done (ayy!)  
So tell me what it costs (costs) and show me who the boss (boss)  
Put your money where your mouth is, I'ma break him off (break him off)  
If you wanna know the reason why I act like that  
I can fit a half a mil' in this Louie backpack, yeah  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Go and do your thang (thang) just don't get caught  
Let your money talk (Hey!) I let my money talk for me  
If shorty wanna hate, then tell the bitch to walk  
Let your money talk (Hey!) I let my money talk for me  
  
Call me what you want, but you can't call me broke (broke)  
Cause gettin' big bags of money's all we know (know)  
Marble floors in the projects, ghetto millionaire  
All this Gucci in my closet, I don't know what to wear (yeah!)  
Bentley outside by the ice cream truck (truck)  
Just ride through the hood, ask 'em if they seen Buck (Buck)  
Thought I wouldn't make it, but look at me now  
That's why I painted the Benz the same color as Cristal (Let's go!)  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Get money!!  
Hey, get money!!  
Get money!!  
Hey, get money!!

