Yeah, yeah, yeah  
Whatchu lookin' at? Nigga whatchu lookin' at?  
Whatchu lookin' at? Bitch whatchu lookin' at?  
Bitch whatchu lookin' at? Nigga whatchu lookin' at?  
Now whatchu lookin' at? Now whatchu lookin' at?  
Now whatchu lookin' at? Nigga whatchu lookin' at?  
Bitch whatchu lookin, at? Bitch whatchu lookin' at?  
Bitch whatchu lookin' at? Nigga whatchu lookin' at?  
I ride woozie with some mother fuckin' wood  
Still hangin' and slangin' yea for beat at my hood  
Ay go get to it talkin' big boy shit  
Mean muggin' like a mother fucker my head on my dick  
Bitch I can shake with your help nigga we buck ass wild  
We get crunk I got the truth I bought that Destinys Child  
I slide to the ride bitch where a nigga don't dance  
What I look like out there jukin' with this gat in my pants  
I put this thing to your back make you throw out your hands  
My bull is shit ali a nigga spill some hen on your pants  
I'm unruly seem like I don't give a damn  
Because I don't mother fucker you understand, understand  
I'm bout foolish I'm what I mother fucking said  
I put a peep hole in your head I'm about my mother fuckin' thread  
It's your truly I still roll with the squad  
Ain't talkin' your points outta thing feelin' your bars  
They want to do me but heck I'm already on it  
I ain't gotta hit the car I got it already own it  
Nigga you ain't they say this song is to cold  
The same thing you heard before your mug got hit with a bottle  
I gets to it I'm always smokin' on purple  
Posted up gettin' money with my nigga from the circle  
Homeboy believe it I keep some sacks on my hand  
I'm posted up with my gat in my pants motherfucker I ain't playin'  
Whatchu lookin' at? Nigga step the fuck back  
We on the post you're in our space don't step so close  
They know I'm ownin' the game 'cause I stay grippin' the grain  
I'm ridin' dirty on probation but I'll scrap with no things  
So whatchu lookin' at? Nigga whatchu lookin' at?  
So whatchu lookin' at? Nigga whatchu lookin' at?  
So whatchu lookin' at? Nigga step the fuck back  
So whatchu lookin' at? Nigga step the fuck back  
It's something new for them let's clean up off his plate  
Let's make a move on them no time to hesitate  
So ride the groove on them ain't no more time to wait  
Ain't no more room for them ain't nothing to debate  
Just let them fight for it something they never heard  
We keep it fight for them precise with every word  
I'm screamin' at it nigga just watch where I swerve  
We runnin' havoc nigga bangin' on every curve  
We hit it raw on them real make callin'' off air  
We makin' blood on the niggas don't want to take it there  
ATL runnin' things you goobers stack your chains  
Moe back off in this thing jump off put in the game  
We are known for being sold in a click foolish as mine  
Cigarillo bustin' choppin' hoes down the line  
Hatin' if you like us still the sun gone shine  
Add a coupe the feature your request goes rewind  
Like play action we stay ahead of the game  
Runnin' through your whole league and still a catch the grain  
'Cause this that real shit that make you act a fool  
Where you straighten out that nigga and tell that bitch be cool  
It's J-Bo shit nigga you already know  
We shake them off and keep on rollin' it begin to show  
And sip good nigga I wish you would  
I'm slidin' with about 50 niggas straight up dead out the hood, okay  
Whatchu lookin' at? Nigga step the fuck back  
We on the post you're in our space don't step so close  
They know I'm ownin' the game 'cause I stay grippin' the grain  
I'm ridin' dirty on probation but I'll scrap with no things  
So whatchu lookin' at? Nigga whatchu lookin' at?  
So whatchu lookin' at? Nigga whatchu lookin' at?  
So whatchu lookin' at? Nigga step the fuck back  
So whatchu lookin' at? Nigga step the fuck back  

