Shit man fuck  
  
Drivers license and registration please  
  
Hey what's up sir um, look um  
  
Sir could you please step out the car  
  
Oh not a problem officer its all good  
I'm just know what I'm sayin'  
Comin' from droppin' ma lil' boy off at ma baby momma house  
Here go ma license right here  
  
Trunk full of yoda heated situation  
Flashlight in ma eyes he want ma registration (what)  
Should I stay should I run  
Got hard got soft got bills got guns (4real)  
Ma drivers license is revoked  
Just got done burnin' so I know he smell the smoke (damn)  
But never let em see you see sweat'  
Cause if he search ya trunk he might find the tec.  
Or a bag full of O's  
Wrapped in duck tape nigga between some dirty ass clothes.  
But I talk to him the right way he told me  
Slow it down and have a nice day.  
  
[Chorus]  
You can do ya thang shawty its okay  
To floss but its still one rule player don't get caught.  
'cause everything you gain dog and everything you lost  
but its still one rule pimpin don't get caught.  
Fuck every hoe you hit dog and every hoe you toss  
'cause its still one rule player don't get caught.  
You can ride clean shorty you ain't gotta walk  
But its still one rule player don't get caught  
  
Some niggas rob (what) some niggas slang (for real)  
Some niggas stack (naw) some niggas bang (chea)  
But I congratulate not playa  
Hate you in the streets pimpin make ya move get ya cake  
Fuck what you heard through the grapevine get outta line  
Nigga I'm a straighten mine.  
And I don't believe in wastin' time well catch them hoes later.  
Stay on ya grind (that's right)  
Gotta a low tolerance for ignorance (ignorance)  
You thinkin' pleasure I'm thinkin' business.  
The streets didn't raise no fool  
When you live by the code nigga its only one rule  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Got the phone call (call) had a funny feeling (feeling)  
Told him everything was cool and I was chillin' (chillin')  
We use to chill out and smoke blunts  
And I ain't seen him in a while maybe a couple months.  
Said he want to holla he seemed anxious.  
First thing on ma mind go and get tha strainers.  
Make his folks pay a ransom bout him.  
On that bullshit make a good example out him.  
This nigga hot he on fire (fire)  
I hope his ass ain't wearin' no wire naw dog he bullshittin'  
Said his partner set him up the nigga snitchin'  
  
[Chorus: x2]

